Sign: You Are Here



Rohan: Koichi...



Rohan: Over here, Koichi.



Koi: Ah! R-Rohan Kishibe!



Rohan: Come on, now. You don't have  to put up your guard like that.



Rohan: It's not like I'm going to harm you.



Rohan: Besides, when I read you with Heaven's Door,



I actually felt a lot of admiration for you.



Rohan: I have a feeling we have a lot in common.



Rohan: Don't you think so?



Koi: Uh...



Rohan: You see, there's something  that I wanted to ask you.



Rohan: I lived around here from when I was  a baby up until I was about four.



Rohan: I wanted to find the place where I lived then, for nostalgia's sake.



Rohan: It's also a manga artist's job  to remember their childhood.



Rohan: But the memories would be from  when I was three or four,



so I don't remember much.



Oh...



Rohan: What I wanted to ask you  about is this town map.



It's quite bizarre.



Rohan: Look.



Sign: Convenience Store Owson



Sign: Kisara Drugstore



Sign: Soba Shop Arisugawa



Sign: Tailor Tanaka



Sign: You Are Here



Rohan: Soba Shop Arisugawa, Kisara Drugstore,



and the convenience store Owson is how  the shops line up from the right.



Koi: Huh?



Rohan: Now look at the actual shops.



Rohan: From the right, it's Soba Shop  Arisugawa, Kisara Drugstore, and...



Rohan: Owson on the left...



Koi: Huh?



Koi: The road between Owson and  the drugstore isn't on the map.



How lazy of them.



Rohan: Koichi, will you come with me for a bit?



Rohan: I'd be very grateful if you'd  show me around here.



Koi: Huh? Well, I, uh...



Rohan: Even after I, Rohan Kishibe,  have asked so courteously?



Rohan: I see.



So you're not even willing  to walk ten or so meters.



Koi: You're so selfish. Ah...



Koi: Just five minutes, okay, Sensei?



Koi: Just five minutes!



Rohan Kishibe's Adventure



Roha: Isn't it bizarre?



Roha: This road isn't on this  /     scale map



of Morioh published by  National Map Publishers.



Koi: Huh? Sometimes if you find errors in maps,



they'll give you a bookstore gift certificate.



Koi: Ugh...



Roha: Ah, this map is infuriating.



Roha: Look, Koichi.



Yonemori,Sign: Yonemori



Roha: These houses that say "Yonemori," "Honma,"  and "Onodera" aren't on it, either.



Honma,Sign: Honma



Numakura,Sign: Numakura



Onodera,Sin: Onodera



Roha: This map is filled with errors.



Two or three bookstore  gift certificates won't cover this.



Koi: Rohan-sensei..



Koi: Looks like an empty house.



Rocky,Sign: Rocky



Koi: What a strange place.



Koi: It doesn't look like anyone lives  in these four or five houses.



Roha: Even the electricity to the  vending machine's been cut.



Koi: Huh?



Koi: That post box...



Koi: This is where we first turned.



Koi: How strange...



How did we end up back where we started again?



Roha: But we turned right, left,  then right, so how...



Roha: It's possible that we're being  attacked by someone's Stand.



Koi: Huh? Stand?!



Roha: Koichi, would you have  Reverb fly up to the sky?



Koi: I see!



If it looks down from above, we'll see which way to go.



Koi: Reverb Act  !



Roha: What's the matter?



Koi: Th-There's something there.



Koi: Something touched it up in the sky.



Roha: I didn't see anything.



Koi: But something definitely touched it!



Reimi: Are you two lost?



Rei: Want me to show you the way?



Roha: A girl!



Koi: That girl's a Stand user!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: Don't even give her a chance to speak!



Victory to the swiftest!



Boom,Sfx: Boom



Roha: Now we're safe.



She won't be able to harm us.



Koi: That's amazing!



Koi: I-It looked like a drawing  leaped out just now...



Roha: I guess that means I've matured a bit.



Roha: Though it wouldn't work  on lame people like Josuke,



who don't like my manga.



Roha: We're on the same wavelength.



Roha: She's not a Stand user.  She's just a normal girl.



Koi: Huh? Sh-She's not an enemy?



Roha: Right. You can't hide  anything from Heaven's Door.



Roha: She's Reimi Sugimoto, age   .



Her address is  -  , Kotodai, Morioh.



It's right over there.



Roha: She doesn't have a boyfriend.  Her measurements are   -  -   centimeters.



Roha: She has a mole on the  side of her left nipple.



Roha: She had her first period the  September after she turned   .



Roha: The first time she kissed a boy,  he forced his tongue into her mouth.



Koi: Hey! Hold on a sec, Rohan Kishibe!



Koi: If that girl's not a Stand user,



then I won't allow you to  read any more about her!



Roha: All right, all right.



Roha: Don't get so angry.



"She'll forget everything  that just happened." There.



Rei: Want me to show you the way?



Rei: A lot of people get lost around here,



since all the alleys looks alike.



Roha: We'll be fine if you could  just tell us which way to go.



Rei: No, no. You won't understand  if I just explain it to you.



Rei: I'll show you the way, so follow me.



Rei: Want one?



Rei: No?



Rei: Could you just grab the other end, then?



Sfx: Snap



Rei: Aw, you're going to get dumped by some girl.



Roha: What are you talking about?



Rei: It's Pocky fortune-telling. How the  Pocky breaks tells me your fortune.



Rei: You're selfish, aren't you?



And you have a tendency to mess with people.



Rei: That's why you'll get dumped.



Roha: Did you hear that, Koichi?  She's completely off!



Roha: She called me selfish!



Roha: If we're going to play that game,  I know a thing or two, as well.



Roha: Light pink nail polish means you're  a coward when it comes to love.



Roha: You let true love slip away  at the crucial moment.



Rei: Huh?



No way...



Roha: This is a psychological test,  not fortune-telling.



Roha: Other than love, there's something else  scaring you right now, isn't there?



Rei: Apparently,



a m*rder took place at this house about fifteen years ago.



Koi: A m*rder?!



Roha: m*rder...



Rei: No one lives there now.



Rei: Do you want to hear about it?



Rei: I heard this from the old  lady who lives next door.



Rei: The night of the m*rder,



while the girl who lived here  was asleep in her bedroom,



Rei: she awoke to a "drip, drip" sound coming from her parents' room.



Rei: She wondered what the sound was,  and called out to her parents,



but there was no reply.



Rei: But the girl wasn't that scared, because...



Rei: Her beloved dog was by her side.



Roha: Beloved dog?



Rei: Yes. He was a big guard dog.



Rei: Even in the dark, if she put  her hand underneath her bed,



he would whimper and lick her hand.



Rei: She felt safe because Arnold was with her.



Rei: But she heard the dripping sound  go on for more than ten minutes...



Rei: Finally, the girl decided to  find out what the sound was.



Rei: And then...



Rei: She found her beloved dog Arnold dead,



hanging from the coat rack.



Rei: His blood was the dripping  sound that she heard.



Rei: Suddenly, she heard a voice  from under the bed say,



"Your hand is so soft and cute,  Miss. Whimper, whimper..."



Rei: "I already k*lled your parents." And then...



Rei: The girl was k*lled, too!



Koi: I-Is that a true story?!



Rei: Did it sound like one? It was just  payback for trashing my nail polish.



Koi: Whew...



Koi: Th-That stuff is bad for my heart... Ah...



Drip,Sfx: Drip



Roha: Wha—



Roha: That's...



Rei: Yes... That girl was me.



Rei: Both Arnold and I are ghosts.



Roha: G-Ghosts?



Roha: What my Stand, Heaven's Door, read



were memories from when she  was alive, so I couldn't tell.



Rei: You two walked into the place  where I died fifteen years ago.



Rei: I guess we're on the same wavelength.



Rei: This is the border between  the living world and the next.



Signtop: Re



Signtop: Rev



Signtop: Rever



Signtop: Reverb



Signbot: Ko



Signbot: Koichi



Signbot: Koichi Hiro



Signbot: Koichi Hirose



Roha: Let's get out of here, Koichi!



Roha: I-It's no use!



Roha: Use Reverb, Koichi!



Roha: Have it fly into the air and find the way!



Koi: She must have been what  touched it in the sky earlier.



Roha: Just have it fly up already, Koichi!



Reverb: Wha—



Reverb: What?! There's suddenly a wall in the sky!



Roha: K-Koichi, Reverb is touching the ground.



Reverb: Huh?! Ah, what?!



Roha: Y-You're the one who went  flying up into the air.



Rei: There's only one way out of this place.



Rei: And I know where it is.



Roha: H-How are we supposed to fight a ghost?



Koi: Please don't possess us!



Rei: Hey, hold on. Stop treating  me like a vengeful spirit.



Rei: What did I do to you?



Rei: You're the ones getting all scared on your own!



Rei: I'm not the one who trapped you in here.



Rei: This is the border between  this world and the next.



Rei: You two have strange powers.



They're called Stands?



Rei: I wonder if that's how you ended up here.



Roha: You're not our enemy?



Rei: You really don't trust people, do you?



Rei: I think I'm what they call a bound spirit?



Rei: I became a ghost that can't leave here.



Rei: For fifteen years, I tried to speak to  various people who ended up here,



because I needed to tell someone.



Rei: But you're the first ones that  I've been able to talk to this much.



Rei: I told you I'd tell you how to get out of  here, and that's what I'm going to do.



Rei: After I finish the story, that is.



Koi: Story?



Rei: The rest of my story from earlier.



Rei: Before I could see the m*rder*r's face,



I was stabbed in the back with a knife.



Rei: It was late at night and dark,



and I was desperately running away.



Rei: The m*rder*r hasn't been caught yet.



Rei: He's somewhere in Morioh.



Rei: That's what I wanted to tell someone.



He's blended into this town.



Roha: Wait. Are you telling us because...



Rei: I'm not asking you to catch him.



Rei: But I want you to tell someone...



Rei: Someone who can catch him, like the police...



Roha: Whoa, whoa. Why should we have  to do something like that?



Koi: Rohan-sensei!



Roha: It's fine. I just want to say the rational thing.



Roha: I do feel bad that you were k*lled...



Roha: But why should we have to find  the m*rder*r just because of



your personal grudge and suffering?



Roha: I think, as a ghost, you'd be better off



cutting your ties to this world  and passing on into the next.



Rei: Do you even know how many boys and  girls have disappeared from this town?



Roha: Huh? No.



Rei: It's eight times the national average.



Rei: I'm not saying it's all of them, but at least some of them are being k*lled in secret.



Rei: By him.



Koi: W-Wait a second!



Are you saying these murders  are still happening?



Roha: Hey! Don't make baseless claims like that!



Roha: You just said you didn't  see the m*rder*r's face!



Roha: So how would you know that?



Rei: The souls of the m*rder*d  fly above here all the time!



Rei: And they all have a wound just like this.



Koi: H-How cruel... It's so long and deep...



Rei: I can't talk to those souls going to the next world,



but I've seen them many times.



Rei: I know what he's into! I know!



Rei: These murders have been going on for



fifteen years here in Morioh,  where I was born and raised.



Rei: It's frightening, and it wounds my pride.



Rei: When they catch the m*rder*r,  my beloved Morioh



will be known nationwide as a  town where a m*rder*r lived.



Rei: But we have to stop the  m*rder*r as soon as possible!



Rei: Even now, he's targeting someone,  and I can't do a thing.



Rei: Who's going to be k*lled next?



Rei: If you, the living, don't take  back this town's pride and peace,



who else is going to do it?!



Rei: I don't know if you understand  what I'm saying, but...



Rei: I'm done talking now.



Koi: A-All right. I'm very shocked.



Koi: But... Still, we have to do something.



Rohan: Hmph. Stop being such a  goody-two-shoes, Koichi.



Roha: It's just going to be trouble.



Roha: But it might be good to go after  the m*rder*r and interview him.



Roha: I might be able to draw a  really interesting manga!



Roha: Is the exit this way?



Koi: If you think he's a good person deep down... well, you shouldn't.



Koi: He's pretty gray when it comes to being trustworthy.



Roha: Hey, are you listening?



Rei: All right. I'll lead you to the exit.



Koi: Huh? The exit? Where? Where is it?



Rei: If you turn left past the  post box, it's right there.



Koi: Yay!



Rei: Don't rush!



There's a certain rule you have  to follow to get past there.



Roha: A rule?



Rei: Once you pass the post box and turn,



you'll be able to see the  exit about    meters away.



Rei: No matter what happens,



until you get there, promise  me that you won't turn around.



Roha: What? Why?



Rei: It's the rule for passing from this world to the next.



Rei: Even Arnold understands that.



Koi: Well, I guess we can promise to do  something even a dog can handle.



Roha: What happens if we turn around?



Rei: Our souls will be pulled into the  next world, which means you'll die.



Rei: Don't be frightened!



Just don't turn around. Simple, right?



Roha: R-Right when we passed the post box...



Koi: Something shot between our  legs and went behind us!



Rei: Don't turn around!



Just keep walking slowly and calmly.



Koi: R-Rohan-sensei, something is following us.



Roha: I know.



Koi: Something's there...



Something is right behind my head!



Rei: Don't worry about it!



There's always something trying  to make you turn around.



Rei: But as long as you don't  turn and look at it,



it can't touch you, so just  keep your wits about you.



Koi: N-Now a warm liquid is dripping down my neck...



Rei: You're almost there! That light is the exit.



JoJo-overlap,Roha: What?



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Th-The exit...



Koi: But I can't take it any longer!



Koi: Rohan-sensei, let's run!



Rei: Don't panic!



It's going to try to trip you.



Rei: You're safe now.



Rei: You got through it.



You can turn around from there.



Koi: That was so scary! I'm so relieved!



Rei: That was a lie, Koichi!



That wasn't really me just now!



Koi: Huh?



Roha: Impossible...



Rei: Not yet. Don't look back yet.



This didn't happen when I was by myself.



Rei: They didn't try to trick me!



Rei: Koichi!



Roha: Hmph. I don't really get it,  but we just can't look, right?



Roha: You're lucky you're with me, Koichi.



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: You won't be able to see, and you'll be blown away.



Crash,Sfx: Crash



Boom,Sfx: Boom



Roha: Calm down, Koichi.



Roha: I'll write that you can see again now.



Roha: The road between the convenience  store and drugstore is gone.



Koi: W-We made it back...



Rei: We'll always be here.



Rei: Until the m*rder*r's caught.



Rei: The day that Arnold and I turn around to go



where my mom and dad are will be



when the pride and peace  of this town are restored.



Rei: Until then, I can't leave here.



Rei: If you ever need to ask me anything,



Rei: come by any time.



Rei: We can see each other any time,



Rei: Rohannie and Koichi...



Rei: I thank you from the bottom of my heart



for listening to what I had to say.



Roha: That girl had some nerve, calling me "Rohannie."



Roha: She was getting too friendly.



Roha: But... Reimi Sugimoto, huh...



There's something admirable  about how that ghost lives.



Roha: She's been fighting for fifteen years,  alone, for the sake of the living.



Sign: Zero Clues Found in Family m*ssacre



Sign: Sugimoto Family Grave



Sign: Sugimoto Reimi



Roha: There it is! Sugimoto Reimi, age   .



Roha: Not that I doubted her,  but now I've got some clues.



Guy: Ah, could you be...



Guy: Rohan Kishibe, who became a manga artist?



Roha: You know me?



Guy: Rohan, you were only four,



Guy: so it's no surprise that you  don't remember that incident.



Guy: Your house at the time was very near theirs.



Guy: The night of that incident,  your parents had urgent business



they had to attend to and  were forced to leave...



Guy: So they left you overnight  at the Sugimoto household



because you were all very close.



Guy: That night, Rohan, you were staying  overnight at the Sugimoto household.



Guy: And you were the only one to survive.



Roha: I was... there?



Sugimoto_Family_,Sign: Sugimoto Family Grave



Guy: When the police found you,



you kept crying and repeating  the same thing over and over.



Guy: "Reimi snuck me out the window."



Guy: Reimi saved you before you  could be found by the m*rder*r.



Roha: That little girl... No wonder  she acted all friendly with me.



Roha: I can't read my distant memories nor  my fate with my Stand, Heaven's Door.



Nar: If you happen to wander down this path,



do not turn around, no matter what.



Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark   "The Path Where You Can Meet a Girl's Ghost" How to get there: Take the #   bus  from Morioh Station and get off  at the Kotodai Shopping District.  It will appear between the  convenience store, Owson,  and Kisara Drugstore at  -chome. Warning: Most people won't be  able to see it, but if you happen  to wander down this path, do not  turn around, no matter what.



Koi: I really met a ghost!



Koi: The girl in that picture is Reimi!



JoJo-overlap,Josu: Okay, we get it.



JoJo-overlap,Koi: So, I researched her,



I said I believe you, didn't I? Right, Okuyasu?



JoJo-overlap,: and she was also a student  at Budogaoka High School.



Oku: She's cute... She's my type.



I wish I'd been born fifteen years sooner.



Josu: We should eventually go meet this ghost, too.



Josu: But, Koichi, if we tell Jotaro  or Old Man Joseph about this,



they're probably going to ask one thing.



Josu: "Is the m*rder*r a Stand user?"



Josu: W-Well... I don't know...



Josu: Then we'll just have to let the  police and the courts deal with it.



Koi: B-But there's a m*rder*r in Morioh!



Joosu: I know. And that's why I'm saying that  Jotaro and the Speedwagon Foundation



won't just go after a normal m*rder*r.



Josu: Calm down.



He's managed to escape from the  almighty police for the past fifteen years.



Josu: It's not like we'd run into him right away,  like we'd hailed a taxi cab.



Josu: Let's stay calm and look into this carefully.



Josu: So what did Rohan have to say?



Koi: The same thing as you, Josuke.



Josu: Hey, look out, Koichi.



Don't cross the road when  you're all spaced out.



Koi: S-Sorry...



Kira: Originally, Morioh was a resort filled  with villas that belonged to samurai.



Kira: My ancestors were among them.



But we were ruined during  my grandfather's time.



Kira: All that's left is the house that I live in now.



Kira: And I'm stuck working a trivial office job.



Kira: Hey, what did you do with the  imported wristwatch I bought you?



Kira: Ah, it's in your bag. That's right.



Kira: It was a little too big for you.



Let's get it fixed tomorrow.



Kira: What's wrong? Why are you acting so shy?



Kira: Now... Watch your step.



Kira: Let's enjoy this weekend to the fullest.



Kira: Just the two of us.



Kira: You just dripped something...



How rude you are.



Kira: You need to clean that up yourself.



Kira: I can't remember what your name was, but that's all right.



Kira: Well done. You cleaned it all off.



Kira: Now, then...



Kira: Let's make dinner together.



Kira: What's the dish that you're best at?



Kira,Sign: Kira



Kira - Copy,Sign: Kira