Jojo: Josuke, I'm about to go hunting.



Josu: Huh?



Jojo: Come with me.



Josu: Huh?



Josu: W-Wait a sec, Jotaro. Did you just say "hunting"?



Josu: Does that mean...



Josu: We're gonna be hunting down  some chicks with nice bodies?



Josu: I'm a guy who's more into pure love, so I've never done that.



Josu: I wonder if I can do it...



Jojo: Akira Otoishi confessed yesterday.



Josu: Otoishi did?!



Jojo: Before his identity was revealed,  he was using the bow and arrow.



Jojo: He happened to shoot a rat with the arrow.



Josu: A rat?!



Jojo: The rat didn't die after it was shot.



It writhed in pain and freed itself from the arrow,



then ran away.



Jojo: So even though it's a rat, this means that



it has definitely obtained Stand abilities.



Jojo: I'm not sure what kind of Stand it is,



but we have to hunt it down before something happens.



JoJo-MainTitle,Title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,Title: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-MainTitle ,: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable



Let's Go Hunting!



Josu: Wow, kewl!



Jojo: Getting a small, quick rat into your  Stand's range will be difficult,



but by using the bearings, your range  will increase to about    meters.



Jojo: This should be obvious, but it  won't work against a Stand.



Jjo: You'll only be able to use it to defeat the user.



Try it.



Josu: What? I have to do it, too?



Josu: I don't know... My mind tends to wander  when ball-shaped things are involved.



Josu: The second one was so close!



Jojo: Not bad. I'd give it    points.



Jojo: But before our pursuit,  I'll give you a warning.



Jojo: When dealing with living creatures,



you need to put composure ahead of speed.



Jojo: If the rat enters your range and you miss,



it won't ever step into your range again.



Jojo: So don't fire until you're positive you'll hit it.



Jojo: I'm not trying to put pressure on you, but remember that.



Josu: I'm feeling plenty pressured now.



Jojo: Apparently, Akira Otoishi shot the rat



near this irrigation canal.



Jojo: Given the area, it was probably a brown rat.



Jojo: Brown rats can swim, live anywhere, and eat anything.



Jojo: The big ones reach about     to    centimeters long,



and some can weigh one kilogram.



Jojo: They can jump about   meters.



Jojo: Found it.



Josu: Aren't those a bird's tracks?



Jojo: Their front paws have four digits,  and the back ones have five.



Jojo: It's dragging something, forming this S-shape.



Jojo: This line was made by its tail.



Jojo: It's a rat that's around    centimeters long.



I'm not sure how many,  but they're definitely here.



Jojo: There's a tick on this leaf.



That means rats come through here often.



Jojo: Without a doubt, there's a nest  deep in that drainage channel.



Jojo: For now, we'll set a trap  here and video tape it.



Josu: That's one of those cameras that let you  watch while you're taping, right?



Josu: You're not using cheese for the trap?



Jojo: It's a crumb of tempura.



Cheese is too extravagant for rats.



Josu: There sure are a lot of flies...



Josu: Jotaro!



Josu: Th-This is...



Jojo: Rat corpses?



Josu: It's exactly what it looks like!



Josu: It's like the jelly from stewed fish.



Josu: Why the heck are you poking at it?!



Jojo: It's flesh.



Jojo: The flesh of these rats was melted  once, then hardened again.



Jojo: And they died from having the flesh  under their skin melted.



Josu: What do you even do to leave  behind a corpse like this?



Jojo: I'm not sure...



But we can probably assume it's the  work of the rat that we're after.



Josu: It used its Stand?



Jojo: It k*lled the others and  made their territory its own.



Jojo: Which means...



Jojo: It's definitely making a nest at  the end of this drainage channel.



Jojo: But the question is



if something capable of doing  this will just stay quiet.



Jojo: Looks like the drainage  channel leads to that farm.



Jojo: We might already be too late.



Josu: R-Really?



Jojo: They have a chicken coop, but there aren't any chickens.



Jojo: There are no signs of life at the house, either.



Jojo: It doesn't look like they just went out, and the front door isn't locked.



Jojo: The rat is there.



And just as I feared,



it's likely that the people living  there have already been k*lled.



Jojo: Let's go check out that house.



Jojo: The rat will let us approach within a certain distance,



Jojo: because it's confident that no  slow human is going to catch it.



Jojo: It's not expecting us to blast bearings at it.



Jjo: That's how we'll get close  enough to nail it in one shot.



Jojo: Found something.



Jojo: Rat droppings.



Jojo: Not made up of grass or grain, either.



It's meat.



Jjo: They're heading toward this room.



Jojo: Let's check it out.



Josu: Right.



Josu: What is that?



Josu: The sound of a refrigerator's compressor?



Josu: What the heck?



Does the refrigerator in  this house open on its own?



Josu: Has the magnet in the door weakened?



Josu: What?! There it is!



Josu: ! It's right there!



Josu: That's what opened the refrigerator just now!



Josu: Can rats actually open refrigerator doors?!



Josu: Nah... Someone living here must  not have shut the door all the way.



Josu: And... Am I actually naïve  enough to believe that?



Josu: This rat is a Stand user!



Josu: Jo—



Josu: Jotaro's not here!



Josu: He went to the next room.



Josu: Great. Now our eyes have met.



Josu: Th-This is...



Josu: Did that rat do this?!



Josu: They're still alive...



Josu: Are you telling me that rat used  its Stand to turn the owners



into this, then preserved them in the fridge?



Josu: And it's eating them!



Josu:  it... Jotaro's not coming back.



Josu: That means I'm gonna have to k*ll this thing.



Josu: When dealing with living creatures,



I need to put composure ahead of speed, right?



Josu: If I don't get it in one try,  it'll figure out my range.



Josu: That's what he said, right?  it...



Josu: Talk about pressure!



Josu: From here, the table and chair  are slightly in the way.



Josu: I'm gonna make sure I blast this  bearing right into your forehead.



Josu: Stay right there for a bit...



Josu: ! It stopped eating.



Josu: If I move any more, it might run away!



Josu: I have no choice! It'll be an adventure,



but I'm gonna have to shoot from here!



Josu: It's moving! Now!



Crush,Sfx: Crush



Josu: Yes!



Josu: It wasn't a fatal blow!



Josu: There it is!



That must be its Stand!



Josu: You're gonna try to attack me?



Don't underestimate me!



Josu: I'll get you with the next shot!



Josu: Crap! It's running under the table to get away!



Josu: I'm not going to let you!



Josu: Jotaro, what are you doing?!



The rat's here!



Josu: That shape...



Josu: ! It's a Stand that shoots something!



Josu: What should I do? Slap it  away with my bare hands?



Josu: But that's gross, so maybe not...



Josu: Which is it?



Josu: Did I hit it, or did I miss?



Josu: You!



Josu: Yes! I nailed it!



Josu: I didn't hit it in the forehead, but I beat it.



Josu: That was close...



Josu: Jotaro, over here!



Josu: I got the rat! It's over!



Josu: Ah. What were you doing?



You went missing at the most crucial time.



Josu: I felt totally stranded.



Josu: But wouldn't you know it...



I just barely made the bearing shot.



Josu: I wasn't trying to do a pun with "barely" there.



Josu: It had a Stand that shot  something like needles.



Josu: I bet if they hit you, they melt your flesh.



Josu: The people who live here got hit, but they're still alive.



Josu: I can fix them with Shining Diamond.



Jojo: If we don't take care of this by sundown,



we may have a problem.



Josu: Huh?



Jojo: There's one more. I was just attacked by it.



Josu: Jotaro! Y-Your hand...



Jojo: I was hit in the next room.



I could have dodged it...



Grabbing it to figure out the effects  of those needles was a mistake.



Jojo: Just by touching the needle,



some kind of "Stand poison" courses  through you, melting even Stands.



Jojo: Getting hit by five or six of those



would be enough to turn  a human into mush.



Josu: Thank goodness I dodged!



Josu: I'm lucky our personalities are so different.



Jojo: That rat ran outside afterward.



Jojo: It must've figured out that you  finished off the one in the kitchen.



Jojo: I hate to ask, but I'm sort of waiting  for you to fix me up quickly.



Josu: O-Oh, right!



Josu: !



Why does there have to be another one?



Signtop: Jo



Signtop: Jota



Signtop: Jotaro Ku



Signtop: Jotaro Kujo



Signbot: S



Signbot: Sta



Signbot: Star



Signbot: Star P



Signbot: Star Pla



Signbot: Star Plati



Signbot: Star Platinum



Speed: Hello, this is the Speedwagon  Foundation research team.



Jojo: Hello, this is Jotaro Kujo.



Speed: Jotaro!



: We've tried to call you several times already.



Jojo: I was in pursuit, so my ringer was off.



Jojo: Does it have to do with Otoishi?



Speed: Yes. Akira Otoishi hid the fact  that he had shot two rats.



Jojo: Let me confirm.



It was two, and not three or four?



Speed: Yes, there's no doubt about it.



Jojo: Good grief, Akira Otoishi...



Jojo: Way to go.



Jojo: It kills everything in its territory,



whether they are humans or its own kind.



Jojo: It only cares about itself.



Jojo: It's not a creature that should be  allowed to live on this Earth anymore.



Josu: Jotaro, wait!



How are you planning to chase  after a tiny little rat



that's run out into this giant field?



Jojo: The author of Seton Animal  Chronicles, E.T. Seton, said,



"There is no animal that cannot be tracked."



Jojo: Rats have a habit of not wanting  to go down an unfamiliar path.



Jojo: Which means, without a doubt, it went back



toward that irrigation channel.



Jojo: And if they don't eat constantly,



they will die from starvation  after about ten hours.



Jojo: There... Those bite marks are new.



Josu: Yes! This is awesome!



Josu: We'll be able to corner it!



Josu: Take a look at this.



Josu: It didn't even glance at the bait in the trap.



Jojo: It's on the video.



Jojo: Its ear looks like a leaf that's been eaten on by a bug.



Jojo: Let's call it "Bug-Eaten" from now on.



Jojo: Look at how cautious it is...



Jojo: Unlike earlier,



we can probably bet that  Bug-Eaten won't let us



within    meters of him.



Jojo: These are r*fle rounds.



Jojo: Just in case, I brought four rounds.



Josu: A-Actual rounds?!



Jojo: Because of air resistance,  when round bearings fly



over    meters, the point  of impact goes off-course.



Jojo: With the head of this round, we'll be okay up to    meters.



Josu: Am I going to shoot that  with my Stand's hand, too?



Josu: I'm not confident about this at all.



Jojo: Of course not. I guess I'll just have to do it.



Josu: Hold on...



Josu: Why'd you have to say it like that?



That kind of angry me off.



Josu: I'm the one who took care of the other one!



Josu: Sure, it wasn't a perfect shot, but...



Jojo: Right. So carry two rounds.



Josu: Huh?



Josu: S-So much pressure...



Jojo: Be careful. There are leeches in this puddle.



Josu: What?!



Jojo: Impossible...



Josu: What's wrong?



Jojo: Be careful, Josuke.



The footprints suddenly disappear here.



Josu: What is this?!



Why'd the footprints disappear?



Josu: I know! It's under the dirt.



It must've dug a hole, then covered itself.



Jojo: No!



This is backtracking...



I didn't think that rats did it, too.



Josu: Backtracking?



Jojo: Backtracking is a special  instinct that wild animals have



in which they go back the way  they came to hide from an enemy.



Jojo: In Japan, it's said that brown bears,  weasels, and rabbits do this.



Jojo: But there's no record of  rats backtracking, too.



Josu: Does that mean, basically,  that the rat put one over on us?



Jojo: Things aren't looking good.



With this terrain...



We might actually be the  ones who are being hunted.



Josu: I feel like something's staring at us.



We need to hide behind a rock.



Jojo: Move calmly...



Jojo: Bug-Eaten's Stand's attack  isn't too fast for us to see.



Jojo: Don't miss where it's coming from.



Jojo: If we can find where it's hiding, we'll shoot it instead.



Josu: What is this?!



Josu: Wha?!



Josu: The rat used the trap that we set for it?



Jojo: Star Platinum, The World!



Jojo: Good grief.



Jojo: Don't panic.



I took out the needle before  the poison spread,



along with the flesh that it pierced.



Jojo: Put a bandage on it.



Jojo: And I figured out where the rat's hiding.



Jojo: Halfway up the hill, near those three rocks.



Josu: You're amazing! Both the rat and you, Jotaro!



Josu: Am I the only loser this time around?



Jojo: It's    meters away.



Jojo: It doesn't look like it's going  to shoot more needles yet.



Jojo: It knows that if it shoots too much,



we'll be able to pinpoint  its location and attack.



Jojo: Stubborn little villain.



Josu: Why are you complimenting the rat?



Josu: We need to do something.



Jojo: Well said, Josuke.



We need to give it everything we've got,



or Bug-Eaten's gonna get us.



Jojo: I'll give you all four rounds.



Jojo: At this distance, it'll go up like a slider,



so aim one centimeter lower than the target.



Josu: Jotaro? What are you going to do?



Jojo: I'm going to get closer so it'll shoot the needles.



Jojo: You're going to find out where it is, Josuke...



Jojo: And then you're going to attack.



Josu: Wh-What?!



Jojo: You're the only one who can do this.



Jojo: Even if I get hit with one  or two of its needles,



I can have Shining Diamond fix me.



Jojo: But Josuke, you can't fix yourself.



Jojo: Give it all you've got, Josuke!



Josu: I-I need time to mentally prepare!



Jojo: Star Platinum, The World!



Jojo: Did you find it?



Ojsu: N-No... It moved right after it fired!



Jojo: I'll try to get closer while  going up the side of the hill.



Jojo: Look for the moment it fires.



Josu: The moment it fires...



Josu: Th-The pressure!



Josu: There! I see it!



Jojo: What?!



Jojo: That one calculated that I'd dodge



and then fired the needles at the rocks?



Jojo: It ricocheted?



Josu: Jotaro!



Jojo: Don't look at me, Josuke!



Aim at the rat!



Get it right when it's about to attack!



Josu: This isn't good.



I've got four rounds, but I won't  get any more chances.



Josu: If I waste any time...



Jojo: Here we go, Josuke.



Josu: There! It's the same spot as before.



Josu: But it's hiding behind the rocks.



Josu: ! If only it was looking over here...



Josu: But I've got to do this!



Josu: I'm just going to have  to hit that small target!



Josu: I'm suddenly feeling stronger.



I'm going to get you, you little villain.



Jojo: Josuke missed...



Josu: So you did look.



I thought you'd look if I missed,  and face your body this way.



Josu: Now I can target you for sure.



Josu: In the end, I wasn't a loser at all.



Josu: Call me Josuke Higashikata,  the man who deflects pressure!



Jojo: The Stand rats that Akira Otoishi created...



Jojo: Considering the destruction of  nature that humanity brought on,



I'm not sure how to feel...



Jojo: But thankfully, Josuke's pretty reliable.



Jojo: Good grief. We can finally relax a little.