Koi: Today was another exhausting day.



Koi: I just want to hurry home so I can relax.



Haza: K-Koichi...



Koi: Hazamada...



Haza: Hey, how are you doing?



Haza: Th-Thanks for everything the other day.



Koi: Um, are you all healed up now?



Haza: Kinda. I was released from  the hospital two days ago.



Haza: Where's that villain— I mean, where's Josuke?



Koi: He already went home.



Koi: Apparently, he found an  invisible baby yesterday,



and there was a big fuss  over finding her mother.



Haza: Is she a Stand user?



Koi: Apparently.



Koi: The baby has only warmed up to  Josuke's father, Mr. Joestar,



and if he's not around, she turns  everything around her invisible.



Haza: So is Mr. Joestar going to be  in town for a while, then?



Koi: Probably.



Haza: I see. By the way, Koichi,  do you like to read manga?



Koi: Manga? Oh, I guess about as much as anyone.



haza: Have you heard of Rohan Kishibe, who draws Pink Dark Boy?



Koi: Pink Dark Boy? Of course!



I'm a huge fan!



Haza: Yeah? You like it?



Koi: I guess you'd call it "horror suspense."



Koi: There are some pretty gross scenes,



but the thrills that seem to close in on you



Koi: and the realistic characters  are great, aren't they?



Haza: Right, right!



Haza: Did you know that Rohan Kishibe  actually lives in Morioh?



Koi: Huh?!



Koi: What?! He lives in Morioh?!



Koi: No way! You can't be serious! Really?!



Haza: I couldn't believe it, either!



Haza: But I happened to overhear  some realtors talking.



Haza: I know it seems unbelievable, but it's true!



Haza: Hey, want to go see if we  can get some autographs?



Morioh Station



Koi: Yes! Of course I'll go!



Sign: Rohan Kishibe's House



Haza: Looks like we think alike!



Koi: Really?



Kishibe,Sign: Kishibe



Koi: Over there!



Koi: I think that might be his studio.



Koi: The light's on!



Haza: You're right...



Koi: I wonder if he has any other family.



Haza: I heard he lives alone.



He debuted at sixteen, and now he's twenty.



Koi: Twenty?! He's so young!



Koi: So he became a pro at my age.



Haza: There's no point in snooping around, Koichi.



Haza: Try ringing the doorbell.



Koi: M-Me?



Haza: Oh, come on! I'm ordering you, as an older student.



Haza: I tend to get pretty nervous.



Koi: What? That's not fair...



Let's Go to the Manga Artist's House, Part  



Haza: That face!



Haza: Rohan Kishibe!



Haza: He looks just like his picture  in the New Year's deluxe edition!



Haza: Uh, I mean... Rohan-sensei!



Koi: H-Huh?



Rohan: Who are you two?



Rohan: What are you doing? Playing a prank?



Haza: N-No! We would never!



Um, we're students at Budogaoka High School.



Koi: W-We're fans of yours, Sensei.



Rohan: Fans? Of mine? You're readers?



Rohan: So my address has gotten out.



Haza: N-No, um... I just happened to overhear it.



Haza: So, I know this is sudden,



but it would make us really happy  if we could get your autograph.



Rohan: Fans of mine, eh?



Rohan: That's good.



We might be on the same wavelength, then.



Haza: Huh?



Rohan: Nothing, never mind. Pardon.



Rohan: An autograph or two is no problem at all.



Haza: Yes! I guess it's a good thing we came.



Rohan: I know.



Rohan: Since you're here, would you  like a tour of my studio?



Both: Huh?



Both: You'll let us go into your studio?!



Rohan: I'm already done with my work for  the day, so if you two would like...



Both: Of course!



Rohan: Then...



Both: Pardon the intrusion!



Rohan: Come in.



Haza: Wow!



Koi: Wow! Raw  -color manuscript!



Haza: This is amazing! It has so much more impact!



Haza: I-I'm so moved! I-I-I'm so glad that we came!



Koi: How long have you been working in Morioh?



Rohan: I moved here three months ago.



Rohan: My family home is in S City,



Rohan: but I lived here for a time when I was a child.



Rohan: Tokyo is very convenient,  but it's pretty chaotic.



Rohan: The environment is nowhere near



as calm as it is in Morioh,  and I can't work there.



Rohan: Not to mention,



Rohan: with the fax machines and copiers we have these days,



I have a system where, given four hours,



I can send in a complete manuscript.



Rohan: You could say there's no point in living in



the city now, other than for pointless status.



Haza: Um... So what do you do  for assistants or staff?



Rohan: I don't have any. I draw it all by myself.



Both: Huh? All by yourself?!



Koi: You draw    pages of such  elaborate art in just one week?!



Rohan: I can draw them in four days. Five if there are color pages.



JoJo-overlap,Both: What?!



Rohan: On the remaining days, I have  fun going on trips and such.



Rohan: I don't really like dealing with people,



and that's why I chose to be a manga artist.



Rohan: If I had an assistant, it'd be harder for me to work.



Koi: That's so amazing... Wow.



Haza: You're a genius!



Rohan: Pardon me for a moment.



Haza: Whoa, a s-spider!



Rohan: We really are out in the burbs.



There are a lot of bugs and spiders.



Haza: Um... Sensei?



Rohan: I see... So this spider is  an Araneus ventricosus...



Rohan: It can be found in houses and  mountainous regions all across Japan.



Rohan: Though it is an orb-weaver,



there are some that make webs day and night.



Rohan: By the way,



Rohan: do you two know what it takes  to draw an interesting manga?



Rohan: Reality!



Reality is the energy that breathes  life into a piece of work,



and reality itself is entertainment.



Rohan: People often think that manga are  drawn from imagination and fantasy,



Rohan: but that's not actually true!



Rohan: For me, drawing something  that I've experienced,



or something that has moved me, is what makes it interesting!



Rohan: For example, in the city, people would just  be grossed out by this spider and k*ll it.



Rohan: As a manga artist, you need to  know how its legs are connected,



where the eyes are, and how to tell  the difference between a male



and a female in order to be able to draw it.



Rohan: Apparently a spider's webbing hardens  when it's exposed to the air,



but you have to know what  hole it comes from,



Rohan: and what its innards look like.



Rohan: When a spider's belly is cut upon,  how does it suffer before it dies?



Rohan: You have to know these things  for the sake of reality.



Koi: That's so cruel!



Rohan: Cruel?!



Rohan: An amateur brat like you is  criticizing me, Rohan Kishibe?!



Koi: N-No! I wasn't criticizing at all! I'm sorry!



Rohan: I should have a taste, too.



Koi: Manga artists are really strange people,  just as the world perceives them!



Rohan: Very nice! That agonized expression...



Rohan: Perfect example of how one looks when puking!



Rohan: I should sketch it.



Haza: R-Really?



Rohan: Now it looks fake.



Rohan: Forget it. I won't sketch it.



Rohan: It won't be of any use.



Haza: I-I'm sorry.



Rohan: Autographs, wasn't it?



Rohan: I'll go get a signing pen from the kitchen,



Rohan: and bring out some tea, as well.



Haza: Oh, you don't have to...



Haza: But that's amazing! I had no idea...



Haza: Pink Dark Boy must be so amazing



because of how far he goes to  figure out all kinds of things...



Koi: Um, Hazamada...



Koi: I know we just got here, but, um...



Koi: Maybe we should go home.



Haza: Huh? Go home? You want to go home? Why?



Haza: This is a lot of fun!



Koi: I don't really have a reason, but...



Koi: I guess you could call it a hunch.



Koi: Though I'm not usually that perceptive...



Koi: I just suddenly got the feeling that  Rohan-sensei is a bit dangerous.



Haza: Dangerous?



Do you mean that he might be a Stand user?



Koi: No! Nothing like that. Just, um...



Haza: Just because Rohan-sensei's a bit unusual,



Haza: I don't think you should just  assume that he's a Stand user.



Koi: I'm not assuming that he is...



Koi: I just said I have a bad feeling.



Hza: Besides, if Rohan-sensei  actually is a Stand user,



wouldn't that be great for us?



Haza: That means I have something in common  with a famous manga artist.



Haza: But, all right.



If you have a bad feeling,  we can go home for today.



Haza: We can always come again.



Haza: But!



Haza: Only after I've looked at this thing that caught my eye.



Koi: Thing? What thing?



Haza: Ah, you're dense, Koichi!



On top of the desk, next to the phone.



Haza: Look carefully.



Koi: Oh! C-Could this be...



Haza: Yup! He said he just finished working, right?



I've been eyeing that carefully.



Koi: A manuscript for Pink Dark Boy that's just been finished?!



Koi: Does that mean no one else  has even seen it yet?!



Haza: Once I get a glimpse of this, we can go home.



Koi: We should get permission first.



Haza: Koichi, you don't know manga artists at all.



Haza: These manuscripts, before  they've gone to the printers,



are a closely-guarded trade secret!



Haza: There's no way he'd let us outsiders read a



manuscript that hasn't even  been checked by the editor yet!



Haza: I'll have a look, then put it right back.



Koi: That's an even worse idea!



Koi: It's fine! It's not like it can hurt anything.



Both: Huh?



Haza: What is this feeling?



It's always a thrilling manga, but is  this the impact of a raw manuscript?



Haz: I'm getting goosebumps!



Koi: It's so good!



Hurry up and turn the page, Hazamada.



Haza: I'm so moved!



rohan: It appears



rohan: that my manuscript was compatible  with you two after all.



rohan: I thought you would read it.



Rohan: And only those who are the first to read  my manuscript, and are compatible...



Koi: H-Hazamada...



Haza: K-Koichi...



Rohan: ...will have their hearts opened  by my ability, Heaven's Door!



Haza: A-Ability?!



Koi: My hand!



Haza: K-Koichi! What's going on?!



Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark   Manga Artist Rohan Kishibe's House Get off at the Morioh Kotodai  -chome  bus stop and walk   minute. Area: A mansion situated on     tsubo of land.  LDK plus an attic. If you actually go, he'll pretend to be out.



Rohan: There are a lot of things  recorded in the human body.



Rohan: Everything from the moment you were born.



Rohan: In order to read that, I will  turn you both into books.



Rohan: Books that have your lives written in them.



Haza: Help!



JoJo-overlap,Rohan: You read the manga too, didn't you?



Haza: It's happening to me, too!



JoJo-overlap,Koi: Hazamada!



Rohan: This will cause you no actual  harm, so don't worry.



Koi: Wh-What are you trying to do?!



Rohan: I told you earlier that for manga, the author's sense of reality is important, right?



Rohan: Which means reading about your lives and



experiences will offer me realistic ideas.



Rohan: You can't get this from interviews!



Rohan: You're going to tell me    % realistically, as if I had experienced it myself.



Rohan: Koichi Hirose. Born March   th,     ,  at   AM at Red Cross Hospital in S City.



Rohan: You were born premature at      grams,  and spent a week in an incubator.



Rohan: You're from a family of four,  and your older sister's name is Ayana...



I see...



Rohan: It appears that your grade school and  middle school days were pretty ordinary,



Rohan: and your personality is very honest.



Rohan: That's very commendable.



Rohan: You...



Rohan: What is this ability that you have?! Reverb?



Rohan: Someone other than me has an ability like this?!



Rohan: You, too?



Rohan: "Stand users!" This is...



Rohan: Everything from April of      on is amazing!



Rohan: You've only had amazing  experiences ever since!



Rohan: Josuke Higashikata, Jotaro Kujo,



Yukako Yamagishi, Okuyasu  Nijimura, Tamami Kobayashi...



Rohan: I can't believe it...



This is amazing! It's so entertaining!



Rohan: I just discovered the best material a manga  artist could hope for, Koichi Hirose!



Rohan: Shining Diamond,



Star Platinum,



The Hand, Love Deluxe, et cetera, et cetera!



Koi: Wh-What do you plan on doing with us?!



Rohan: I'm going to take your memories



so I can use them as material for my manga!



Koi: Reverb!



Koi: Please stop attacking us  with your Stand immediately!



Koi: Otherwise...



Rohan: Are you going to have Reverb  Act   attack me with sound?



Koi: Yes! Please release me from your Stand!



I won't hold back!



Rohan: I know. It's written on your   th page.



Rohan: You're far more timid than most people  and taken rather lightly by others,



Rohan: but when it's necessary, you have  courage that can overpower your fear.



Rohan: Truly magnificent!



Rohan: I'm very impressed with you!



Rohan: I'm sure my readers will  like your personality, too.



Koi: I'm not bluffing! I'm really  going to attack you!



Rohan: Oh, shut up...



Rohan: And just try it!



Koi: Reverb Act  !



Crash,Sign: Crash



Crash,Sign: Crash



Koi: Huh? I-I missed?!



Haza: Did you accidentally miss  or did you miss on purpose?



Haza: Your control is way off!



Koi: Then how about this?!



Crush,Sfx: Crash



Haza: Where are you attacking?!



Rohan: Koichi, sadly for you, I have  put a safety lock on Reverb.



Koi: Huh?



Rohan: You are now unable to attack me.



Haza: Safety lock?



Rohan: Look... I've already written it into  your   th page, right here.



I_cannot_attack_,Sign: I can not attack the manga  artist, Rohan Kishibe



Can_Not,: I can not attack the manga artist, Rohan Kishibe.



Can_Not,Sign: c



Can_Not,Sign: an



Can_Not,Sign: n



Can_Not,Sign: ot



Can_Not,Sign: can not



Rohan: This is Heaven's Door's ability.



Rohan: It lets me read people's experiences  via words and pictures,



and it also allows me to  write into your memories.



Rohan: You will now never be able to harm  me in any way, shape, or form.



Koi: Wh-What?!



Rohan: But that's all I'm going to mess with.



Rohan: If I write in any more, it'll make your life fake,



Rohan: so it wouldn't benefit my work at all.



Rohan: Let's see... I guess I'll  have a look at Hazamada, too.



Haza: Sensei! You are a genius! I admire you!



Rohan: Huh... I see.



Rohan: Let's see...



You sometimes feel relief after you've



picked on things weaker than yourself,  like kittens and small birds.



Rohan: You want to force yourself on Junko from  -E,



but you're too cowardly, so you can't.



Rohan: Your ba*ls often get sweaty,



and when you're adjusting them during class,



nothing gives you a greater thrill than  the thought that someone might see you.



Rohan: You're an awful man.



There's no way my readers would like  you if I wrote you into my manga.



Rohan: You're useless.



Haza: No fair! There's no hope for me!



JoJo-overlap,Koi: Why?



Koi: Why are you doing this?



Even without reading about my experiences,  you're an amazing manga artist!



Koi: The world knows that!



Koi: You're living in this amazing  house at the age of twenty!



Koi: You're doing much better  than most people your age!



Koi: And yet, why do you need my memories?!



Rohan: Do you think that I,  Rohan Kishibe, draw manga



for the sake of money and attention?!



Rohan: I'm drawing manga so people will read it!



Rohan: So someone will read it!  That's the only reason!



Rohan: It's a very simple reason, but I  don't care about anything else!



Rohan: So that people will read it, I look for realistic material every day!



Rohan: Listen well. Whenever I finish  a manuscript, I feel amazing.



Rohan: Everyone feels great after  finishing work, don't they?



Rohan: But that feeling only lasts for an instant.



Rohan: It's only a little while,



because I start thinking that no one's  going to read my completed manga,



and my insecurities start to grow.



Rohan: Then I get even more insecure  because, maybe next week,



no one's going to read it, and  then I might not know what



to draw anymore, and I might not  feel like doing anything anymore.



Rohan: These feelings have been reoccurring  over and over since I was sixteen.



Rohan: Until three months ago, when someone shot me with an arrow,



and I gained the ability of Heaven's Door.



Haza: Keicho Nijimura...



Rohan: Yes, that was also written in you.



Rohan: I'm sure you two don't understand  the feeling of having found



the best material to use for drawing a masterpiece!



Rohan: But this is it, right now!



Rohan: It's the best!



Rohan: Koichi, I'm going to make your reality mine!



Haza: See, Koichi? Wasn't Rohan-sensei a great guy?



Haza: Aren't you glad we went?



Koi: Yeah! It was so much fun!



To_Hirose_Rohan_,Sign: To Hirose Rohan Kishibe



Koi: Not only did he give us  these great autographs,



he even served us tea and cookies.



Koi: I'd love to go again.



Haza: Yeah. Let's definitely go again.



Haza: Well, I'm heading this way, so...



Koi: He really was a great guy.



Rohan: You'll never speak of this, Koichi.



Koi: Huh?!



Koi: Wh-Why?!



Koi: How did I lose    kilograms?



Koi: But I don't look any different!



Koi: It reads five kilograms...



Koi: The scale's not broken.



Koi: Th-This is impossible!



Koi: Th-This has to be the work  of an enemy Stand user!



Koi: Otherwise, there's no way  I'd lose    kilograms!



Koi: But who...



Koi: I need to talk to Josuke about this.



Aya: What's the matter, Ko?



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Me? U-Uh...



Koi: Wait... What was it?



Aya: What are you talking about? Weirdo.



Phone: What's wrong?



Aya: Oh, nothing. My little brother's  wandering around in his underwear.



Koi: What was it?



I could have sworn I thought about  something really important just now.



Koi: Well, if I forgot about it, it can't be that important.



Koi: Man, my shoes and bag sure feel heavy today.



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Th-This house...



Koi: Why?



Koi: I somehow ended up walking to Rohan-sensei's house without realizing it.



Koi: The door's open...



Koi: I'd like to stop by and thank him for yesterday,



but then I'd be late for school. It's probably a bad idea.



Koi: He might actually still be asleep  since he's a manga artist.



Koi: I really shouldn't just barge into his house.



It's really not a good idea...



Josu: Hey, did you see that, Okuyasu?



Oku: Yeah...



Oku: We followed Koichi because  he was heading in the



opposite direction of the school,  but what the heck is he doing?



Oku: Whose house is that?



Oku: I have my doubts, but it's  not some chick, is it?



Koi: Rohan-sensei...



Koi: He's working so frantically.



Koi: But I wonder what it is...



I can't shake the feeling that being here is actually terrifying.



Koi: What is it?



Rohan: I'm glad you came.



Rohan: I've been waiting for you.  You're right on time.