Koi: Just like a sickness that continues to  progress without any visible symptoms,



Koi: there was someone hiding  in our town of Morioh,



Koi: committing murders somewhere in the town.



Koi: And it seems like no one's even realized  that these murders are taking place.



Koi: It's such shocking and chilling information.



Koi: But there is currently no  way of finding that m*rder*r.



Koi: We don't even know how many Stand  users currently live in Morioh.



Koi: And rather than worry about a huge problem  that presents no visible symptoms,



Koi: people are worried about what  they should have for dinner,



because that's what's right in front of us.



Sign: Kameyu



Sign: {Transaction No.



Sign: {Bank No.



Sign: {Branch No.



Sign: {Window No.



Sign: {Deposit Amount



Sign: {Balance



Josu: I only have     yen left in my savings!



Josu: But I had   ,    yen in there!



Josu: Twelve yen?!



Josu: I was weak!



My   ,    yen that I was saving up to  buy those kewl brand-name shoes...



Josu: I can't even remember what I used the money on.



Josu: This is all that  old man's fault!



Joosu: Because he used my card to buy     ,    yen worth of baby crap!



Josu: I made the old man pay me  back the    ,    later,



Josu: but then I felt like spending a little



here and there wouldn't hurt, and totally lost track of my spending.



Josu: I wonder if I tucked away a thousand yen  somewhere and just forgot about it.



Josu: A c*ck!



I guess banks could have them, too.



Josu: A S-Stand?



Harv: I found one yen.



Josu: Y-You!



Josu: I-It's a Stand!



Josu: A new Stand has appeared!



JoJo-MainTitle,: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode       Shigechi's Harvest, Part  



Josu: Where is it heading?



Josu: There's another one!



Oku: ! Who are you?!



Oku: I'll k*ll you!



Josu: Okuyasu!



Oku: Oh, Josuke!



Oku: Look! It's an enemy Stand. I'm gonna k*ll it!



Oku: There're two of them!



Josu: Yeah. There was one at the  bank, so I followed it here.



Josu: How did it attack you?



Oku: Actually, it didn't attack me.



Oku: I was buying Calpis Water,



and it suddenly came out from  under the vending machine.



Josu: What? It didn't attack you?



Josu: But you just said you were going to k*ll it.



Oku: It scared the crap out of me,



and I spilled the Calpis Water  all over my uniform.



Ooku: ! Give me back my money!



Harv: Found it!



Oku: Hey, another one just joined in...



Harv: Found it!



Harv: Found it. Found it.



Oku: What the... What are these guys?



There's a ton of them gathering up!



Josu: Okuyasu, they're just like  your brother Keicho's Stand.



But...



Josu: Since they're ignoring us, they're  a totally different kind of creepy.



Oku: Yeah...



Josu: Be careful! The user's probably nearby.



Boom,Sfx: Boom



Josu: It's...



Oku: It's money!



Josu: Come to think of it, it picked up a   yen coin



underneath a machine at the bank.



Josu: They're only   yen and    yen  coins, but they're all real!



Shige: Well done, you guys.



Shige: Many a little makes a mickle.



Shige: I think that's about five thousand yen.



Shige: As long as I have you guys, Harvest,



I'll never have to worry about money.



Josu: Hey, that's the user?



He's talking to his Stand...



Oku: Yeah... He seems to have  become a Stand user because



of the bow and arrow, but it doesn't  look like he's trying to attack us.



Shige: Grin!



Shige: You guys...



You can see my Harvest?



Shige: Hey, you can see them, right?!



Josu: Yeah, it's called a Stand.



Josu: I'm Josuke Higashikata.



This is Okuyasu Nijimura.



Shige: Friends! I've never had any before!



Shige: My name is Shigekiyo Yangu.



I'm a second-year at Budogaoka Middle School.



Shige: I weigh     kilograms,



Shige: and my Papa and Mama call me "Shigechi."



Shige: "Shige-chan" turned into "Shigechi."



Shige: My turtle I have at home is named Gonta.



Shige: The other day, I was wondering  if the    yen,    yen,



and     yen stamps all tasted different,



so I was licking them all,  and Mama yelled at me.



Shige: This is a picture of my Mama,  who yelled at me.



Oku: A picture...



Wow, your mom's actually kinda hot.



How strange.



Josu: U-Um...



Josu: So, you call these things "Harvest"?



Josu: Did they really gather up all this?



Shige: Yup. From ditches and underneath  vending machines and things...



But I'm not a thief.



Shige: The officer at the police box said that



I didn't have to turn in any  change under a hundred yen.



Shige: I hate bad things!



Josu: That's not a bad thing at all!



Josu: Actually, I think you're doing  something great for society.



Josu: Though it's not much,



you're putting all of the forgotten  change back into the Japanese economy.



That's a great thing.



Shige: Really? I'm great?



Hey, do you think I'm a great person?



Josu: It's what you'd call a blind spot for ideas.



Josu: No one would do all this to get money.



Oku: I'm jealous... You're smart.



Shige: D-Did you just call me smart?



Shige: N-No one's ever told me that before.



Shige: I've picked up about    ,    yen, but...



Both:    ,   ?!



Shi: B-But that makes me even happier!



Josu: A t-total of    ,   ?!



Shig: Aren't I a good boy?



Josu: J-Just here in Morioh?



Shige: Ayup! I don't go outside of Morioh.



Shige: I might get lost and someone might kidnap me.



Josu:    ,   ... And I only have    yen.



Josu: Okuyasu...



Josu: Is something wrong with your left foot?



Oku: Whoa, what?!



There are three    yen coins on the ground!



Oku: Do they belong to you, Shigekiyo?



I didn't even notice...



Josu: Talk about stingy...



Shie: Hey, I'll give you guys half of this.



Both: Huh?!



Shige: You're my friends, right? We have the same kind of power.



Oku: R-Really?!



Josu: Lucky us!



Josu: N-No... Wait a sec.



Josu: Look, you shouldn't give other  people money or things so easily.



Shige: Then I'll give it to you in a hard way.



Shige: I'll give it all to you. We're friends, right?



Josu: Hey, why are you just  hardening your expression?



Oku: H-Hey...



Oku: Let me talk to him alone for a sec, Shigechi.



Oku: Hey, Josuke! Stop acting  like a goody-two-shoes.



Oku: If he says he's going to give it to us,  we should just take it, foolishass!



Josu: My pride won't let me do that. Not Josuke.



Oku: I'll take anything anyone wants to  give me other than a virus! Got it?!



Josu: Calm down! I totally understand  what you're saying!



Stop crying!



Oku: But...



Josu: I'm actually really broke right now, too.



Josu: And so I just thought of a nice idea  that can make everyone happy.



Oku: Huh? An idea to make everyone happy?



Josu: Leave it to me.



Signtop: Ha



Signtop: Har



Signtop: Harv



Signtop: Harve



Signtop: Harves



Signtop: Harvest



Signbot: Shige



Signbot: Shigekiyo



Signbot: Shigekiyo Ya



Signbot: Shigekiyo Yan



Signbot: Shigekiyo Yangu



Sign: To All the Good Kids Let's All Play Nice  Morioh Town



Josu: Hey, Shigekiyo. Can I call you "Shigechi"?



Shige: Sure.



Josu: Shigechi, we can't take this.



What you tried to do just now



is the same as trying to  buy friendship with money.



Shige: Huh? B-But that's not what I meant!



Josu: I believe that friendship is



something that grows between  people through a common bond.



Shige: I was just...



Josu: I know. I totally get how you feel.



We're all Stand user buddies.



Josu: And so...



Josu: Why don't we do a little business  and strike up a friendship?



Oku: Business?



Josu: Yeah. A business using all three of our powers.



Shige: Right here?



Josu: That's your elbow. No, business.



Josu: Basically, I think you're at your  limit for picking up lost change.



Josu: So I have an idea for how  we can use your Harvest



to make even more money.



Oku: Huh?



Oku: An idea that'll make us more money  than Harvest picking up change?



Josu: It's not a bad thing, and it  won't cause anyone trouble.



Shige: S-So what's the idea?



That's where the business comes in!



Josu: Give Okuyasu and me half of  what we make for the idea fee.



Josu: You'll take the other half, Shigechi.



Josu: The three of us are going to work  together to pull off a huge project,



Josu: and we can all become happy.



Shige: O-Okay! That's fine, but wh-what should I do?



Josu: You know what this is, right?



Kamemoto,Sign: Kameyu



Shige: A b-blue stamp!



Sign: Yeah! When you shop at one of Eastern  Japan's biggest department store chains,



Kameyu, you get one sticker  for every     yen you spend.



Josu: I think there are a lot of people who



don't collect these and just throw them away.



Josu: There are these, too.



Product_Voucher,Sign: Product Voucher



yen,Sign: yen



Meiwado_Statione,Sign: Meiwado Stationery Shop



Josu: A voucher from a stationery shop, Meiwado, worth    yen.



Oscar_,Sign: Oscar



Josu: A coupon from CD Shop Oscar,



where you can trade in ten for   ,    yen worth of merchandise.



Josu: The cleaners, the toy shop Märchen Kids...



Nagasaki_Cleaner,Sign: Nagasaki Cleaners



Yotsuba_Electron,Sign: Yotsuba Electronics



Sign: Service Card



And this is a card from  Yotsuba Electronics.



Josu: Now, this is the important part.



Josu: At Kameyu, for example,  you can get cash back for these.



Oku: Ah, a-are you... I got it, Josuke!



I know what you're thinking!



Shige: Let's go, you guys!



Sfx: Rumble



Oku: With only one or two,  they'd just be scraps of paper...



Oku: But if Harvest happened to pick up



Oku: the thousands and ten thousands  that are thrown away around town...



Harv: Found it.



Oku: Inside this trash can!



Ok: Inside that trash can!



Harv: Found it. Found it.



Harv: Found it.



Harv: Found it. Found it. Found it.



JoJo-overlap,Harv: Found it. Found it. Found it.



Oku: Th-They just keep piling up one after another!



Josu: Wh-What an amazing Stand!  That's awesome, Shigechi!



Shige: I got complimented again.



Josu: We'll fix the ripped pieces of  paper with Shining Diamond.



Oku: Yes! Do we have tens of thousands now?



Josu: No, it's definitely over    ,    by now.



Oku: Yes!



Grab,Sfx: Grab



Jojo: We're an invincible trio!



Let's go get our money!



Oku: But, Josuke, you sure are something.



After you went on about pride and junk...



Josu: Well, in this case,  everyone's happy, so it's fine.



Shige: F-Friendship is great...



Shige: O-Okuyasu, J-Josuke, I wonder if it'll be okay.



Will it turn into money that easily?



Oku: Calm down, Shigechi. Believe in Josuke.



Koi: That's Okuyasu and...



Koi: I wonder who that is.



Koi: Okuyasu—



Oku: Josuke! H-How did it go?



Were you able to get the money?



Oku: Did they tell you to piss off?



Josu: I wasn't able to get cash back  at the CD shop or the toy store.



Josu: But I can exchange the coupons for about    ,    yen worth of CDs or video games.



Okku: I'm not asking about that!



What about Kameyu?



Oku: Were you able to get cash  back for the Kameyu stickers?



Josu: Actually, something kind of  unexpected happened.



Oku: S-Something unexpected?



Josu: It unexpectedly turned into   ,    yen!



Josu: Here you go! It's real, Shigechi!



Shige: I-It's real!



Oku: It's right in front of my eyes! It's like a dream!



Josu: That's awesome, Shigechi!



Your Stand, Harvest, is really amazing!



Shige: Y-You really think it's amazing?



Shige: Hey... P-People don't really  compliment me much...



Shige: Do you really think I'm amazing?



Oku: Hey, have a little more confidence, Shigechi.



Josu: This is something that only you can do.



Shige: Okuyasu... Josuke...



Shige: Straighten.



Shige: Hey, girl. I got a fat stack!  Wanna go have some fun?



Both: Hey, hey, hey, hey!



Shige: Oh, yeah. Here, Josuke, Okuyasu.  Here's your share,   ,    yen.



Josu: Shigechi, what is this?



Shige: We've got friendship, right?  We're friends, right?



Josu: Yeah, we are.



Shige: So that's a token of our friendship.



Josu: Hey, wait...



This isn't what we promised, is it?



Josu: You said okay to us getting half, and you getting the other.



Josu: Half of   ,    yen is   ,    exactly.



Shige: R-Really? Did I say that?



Josu: What?



Shige: N-N-Not to mention...



It w-was my H-Harvest's job  to collect all of those.



Shige: I did it all!



Y-You two were just talking and did nothing.



Ku: And, if Josuke hadn't come up with the idea,



you never would have thought  of gathering up all those!



Shige: I would have eventually thought of it!



I'm an awesome guy!



Oku: Er... No, no... You never would have  thought of it with that pea brain of yours!



Josu: Hey, stop, Okuyasu. Come here, fall back a sec.



Josu: This is just great.



Apparently he was fine with a few thousand,



but once it went over ten thousand,  he's much more hesitant to pay up.



Josu: I don't think he means anything bad by it, but since he's got the mind of a kid,



Josu: no matter what we say, he's gonna feel like we tricked him.



Josu: We should be the adults here and let it be.



Josu: We got   ,    yen out of it,  so let's call that good.



Oku: I guess if you're okay with it, I won't argue...



Oku: But this just pisses me off so much!



Oku: Are you sure he's not taking advantage of us?



Josu: No, Okuyasu, there's no point  in fighting right now.



We just need to teach Shigechi how  adults actually make agreements.



Oku: Oh, so you can make more money?



Oku: You smug villain...



But that's what I love about you.



Josu: All right, thanks. We'll gladly take this.



Shige: Okuyasu.



Shige: Are you thirsty?



Is there anything you want to drink? I'll buy.



Oku: You're going to buy it for me?



Then... I want some Calpis Water.



Shige: Then drink some.



Oku: Ah! Hey! Why are you throwing those away?



Josu: They're just worthless junk tickets,  like for the year-end lottery.



Oku: I told Shigechi to pick them up along  with everything else earlier.



Josu: You mean the losing New Year's Lottery tickets?



Oku: How do you know it's a losing ticket?



Josu: No one would throw away a  winning ticket, foolishass.



Oku: There are lots of people who forget



to confirm the numbers and  never get their prizes!



Ooku: If this wins, I'm gonna take half of it.



Promise me,  it.



Shige: Sure. Half is fine.



Shige: But if you win a sheet of stamps, I don't want it.



Exciting_Winning,Book: Exciting {\c&HFFFFFF&}Winning Numbers List



Josu: You really like those cheap,  annoying ways of gambling.



Oku: Ah, that's no good... How about this one?



Oku: I wonder if we're allowed



to claim prizes from the  lottery if we're in high school.



Jsu: Lottery?



It should be fine as long as you  have your ID and name stamp.



Oku: SG Group       ...



Group,Sign: Group



Payout_Period,Sign: Payout Period



From_ _  _    _T,Sign: From  /  /     To  /  /    



Oku: Nope, this one's not a winner.



I thought there might be a chance, but...



Oku: Hm?



rd,Sign:  rd



Group,Sign: Group



Group,Sign: Group



Oku: SG Group       ... Um...



Oku: Hey, maybe, just maybe, if I won...



Oku: Do I have to take it to the police?



Josu: You idiot. There's no reason to take it there.



Josu: Harvest just picked them up  after people threw them away.



Josu: And you should only worry about that  when you're bragging after you win.



Good luck with that.



Oku: What? SG Group       ?!



Group,Sign: Group



Payout_Period,Sign: Payout Period



Sign: From  /  /     To  /  /    



Oku: SG Group       ?!



Winning_Numbers_,Book: Winning Numbers List



Oku: SG Group       !



Josu: Hey, what are you yelling for?



Sign: Prize      Million Yen



_Milliion_Yen_,Sign:   Million Yen



Oku:  ,   ,   !



Oku: There's no doubt about it! I won!



Josu: What?! You better not be  messing around, !



_Milliion_Yen,Sign:   Million Yen



Oku: Yes! It's a dream come true! A fantasy!



There's no other experience like this!



Josu: Wait, wait, wait, wait!



Josu: Calm down, Okuyasu.



Josu: Let's confirm it one more time.



Josu: SG Group       , prize  ,   ,    yen.



There's no doubt about it!



Josu: It's too good to be true, but it's true!



And it's a lottery ticket  that was thrown away,



Josu: so it would've just gone  into the incinerator.



Josu: There's still a few days before it expires.



Josu: Even if they ask us annoying questions  when we go to cash it at the bank,



Josu: we can just proudly say that we bought it!



Josu: You got that?



Oku: Heck yeah, I do!



Josu: Which means it's our  ,   ,    yen!



Josu: I wonder what I should buy.



First, I gotta get some kewl Italian shoes!



Josu: Then I'll buy a high-end  suit with a sexy silhouette,



and go all-out at Tonio's shop  and eat the most expensive food!



Josu: I also want to go overseas somewhere!



Oku: I'm gonna put it in savings!



Josu: Man, talk about a boring life!



Shige: M-My Harvest is the one that picked that up...



Shige: Five million... Th-There's no  way I'm giving up half of it.