Jojo: There it is... The old man's ship.



Jojo: Right on time.



It's about twenty minutes away.



Koi: I-Is Mr. Joseph Joestar the only passenger?



Jojo: Yeah.



Jojo: The entire crew is from  the Speedwagon Foundation.



Jojo: The Stand Chili Pepper can only  move where there's electricity,



Jojo: but I'm sure he'll do everything possible to get



over the water and onto the old man's ship.



Jojo: If he gets there before we do, we lose.



The old man will be k*lled.



Oku: Jotaro!



Oku: We've finished checking the boat.



josu: He's not in the battery.



Jjosu: All clear. We can take off.



Jojo: Josuke, the only ones going to the  old man's boat are me and Okuyasu.



Josu: Huh?



Jojo: You and Koichi will stay behind at the harbor.



Koi: Stay behind?! Josuke and me?



Josu: Why?



Jojo: Josuke, Chili Pepper's user is hiding  somewhere in this harbor, watching us.



Jojo: He's waiting for us to make our move,



Jojo: so he can confirm the boat's position.



Jojo: But my guess is that he won't be using a boat.



Jojo: All he needs is something with a battery  that's faster than a motorboat.



Morioh Harbor  Lighthouse



Jojo: Just like he did with the bike,



he'll have Chili Pepper fly over  in something that has a battery.



Koi: Fly? You mean it's actually  going to fly through the air?



Jojo: Yeah.



Jojo: I'm guessing Chili Pepper is



stealing a remote control model plane from the model shop right now.



Koi: A remote control model plane?!



Koi: That could work!



Even model planes can travel over     kph!



Koi: That's faster than this motorboat.



Koi: And because Chili Pepper is controlling it,



he can keep going as long as  the battery and fuel last!



Koi: The controller signal's range won't matter!



Jojo: So Josuke, if you spot something flying,  look for his user here at this harbor.



Jojo: Koichi's Reverb has a range of    meters.



He can help find him.



Jojo: If he makes his move before we do, the old man is finished.



Jojo: You need to protect your father  from on-shore. Got it, Josuke?



Josu: Yeah, I get it. We don't have  even a second to spare.



JoJo-top,Koi: Do your best, Okuyasu.



Oku: Thanks, Koichi.



Guy: We'll arrive at Morioh Port in about  twenty minutes, Mr. Joestar.



Jose: I see. Um...



Do you know where my cane is?



Guy: Huh? It's right in front of you.



Joseph: Ahh...



Josu: My father, huh...



Koi: Josuke? Is something the matter?



Josu: Being told that some guy I've never  met is my father is just kinda...



Josu: You know...



Josu: Well, it's different if his life's in danger.



Josu: I won't be able to sleep well unless  I do my best to protect him.



Josu: Besides, I'm sure my mom  will bawl her eyes out if he dies.



Voice: ! It must have been Jotaro.



Voice: If he had you two stay behind to find my user...



Voice: Then he completely saw through my  plan to use a remote control plane!



Josu: Chili Pepper!



Chili: Yeah!



Oto: Jotaro Kujo is a smart man.



Oto: Yeah, he's the one person  I don't want finding me.



Oto: This Spitfire remote control plane



can get to Joseph Joestar  in a mere five minutes.



Oto: On the other hand, a motorboat will  take about eight to ten minutes.



Oto: Which means if I take care of  you two in about three minutes,



I'll have plenty of time to get past them.



Josu: Y-You're Chili Pepper's user?



Oto: The name's Akira Otoishi, nineteen years old.



Oto: Oh, and don't mind the guitar.



Oto: My dream is to one day  be an ultra super guitarist,



Oto: like Jimi Hendrix and Jeff Beck, who lives hard and passionately!



Oto: So I keep it with me all the time.



Oto: In the near future, I'm going to take my guitar



Oto: and knock out people around the world!



Oto: Oh, yeah.



Koi: I never even thought that the user  would show himself on his own.



Koi: That must mean he's confident that he can k*ll both me and Josuke!



Yeeees



Chili: I'll only use my pinky finger against your Shining Diamond,



Chili: just like I did with Okuyasu earlier.



Jojo: Stay back, Koichi.



Oto: Here we go, Josuke Higashikata!



Josu: One sec.



Oto: Huh?



Josu: If you're going to use only your pinky,



Josu: then I'm gonna make some rules, too.



Oto: Rules? Don't get c*ck!



Oto: Someone like you doesn't need any rules!



Oto: How dare you do that, ?!



Josu: Well, you said I didn't need any rules.



Josu: Didn't you say something about taking  care of me with just your pinky?



Josu: So what are you going to do,



Josu: Otoishi, my senpai?



Oto: I'm going to k*ll you.



Josu: You already said that earlier!



Stop saying the same thing  over and over, you foolishass!



Oto: This agony and pain...



Oto: What am I supposed to take it out on?



Oto: This rage...



Oto: Who do I proclaim it to?!



Koi: He's amazing...



Right-Hand Tapping



Sign/voice: I'm going to k*ll



Sign/voice: your mommas, too!



Oto: I was able to fully express my heart!



Oto: I was able to express the ultimate rage.



Josu: Just try it, Otoishi!



Josu: Wh-What? The user just...



Josu: I can understand his Stand  moving at amazing speeds,



Josu: but the user himself was actually  able to move behind me?



Koi: Th-That's not it, Josuke!



Koi: I saw what happened from here.



Koi: It wasn't Otoishi that moved...



Koi: It was you!



Koi: You were moved!



Josu: What?



Koi: Chili Pepper came out and  turned Shining Diamond



degrees at incredible speed!



Koi: You're facing the ocean, aren't you?



Josu: Chili Pepper came out?



Josu: Koichi! I haven't seen Chili Pepper at all!



Koi: He's underneath the ground!



See all the drainage grates around you?



Koi: His upper body came up from there just now!



Koi: There must be electrical wires  running all over under there!



Oto: I'm strong when I reflect on my actions.



Koi: Behind you to your right! There it is!



Koi: Now it's behind you!



Koi: It keeps running back into  the electrical wires!



Koi: And at light speed!



Koi: Jotaro's the only one who  can keep up, after all!



Oto: You don't have time to dig up the asphalt



Oto: and cut all the wires underground,  Josuke Higashikata.



Oto: And the more big holes you make in the ground...



Oto: The more places I can pop up from!



Koi: Josuke! To your right!



Koi: In front of you!



Koi: Behind you!



Koi: No, wait! Um...



Koi: It's like insanely hard whack-a-mole!



Koi: He's moving too fast for me  to tell where he'll come from!



Chil: You should really stop relying on guesswork!



Koi: Josuke...



Oto: And I still have two minutes left...



Oto: That's plenty of time to finish you.



Josu: Koichi, watch where Chili Pepper  comes from and tell me.



Josu: I can't tell because I'm too close!



Koi: I-I can't tell, either!



Koi: Every time I think he's out, he goes back in!



Josu: Watch carefully, Koichi.



Josu: You should be able to tell  what I'm thinking by now.



Koi: Huh? What you're thinking?



Koi: I-It's all squishy!



Koi: The asphalt's been turned into coal tar...



Koi: And the grates are covered by  the oil film from the coal tar!



Koi: I got it!



Koi: When he hit the ground earlier,



he turned the asphalt's base into something else when he fixed it!



Koi: Which means...



Koi: Behind you, to your left!



Whew - Copy,Sfx: Gurb



Koi: Yeah! Bull's eye!



Josu: Bull's eye? That's great.



Josu: Do I get a prize



Josu: if I keep hitting him?



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chi



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pe



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pep



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signtop: Chili Pepper



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira Oto



JoJo-Eyecatch ,Signbot: Akira Otoishi



oku: It's the boat! I can see the Traffic!



Oku: W-We're almost there!



Jojo: Don't let your guard down yet.



Oku: Huh?



Oku: Wh-What is that?



Oku: Josuke! Koichi!



Koi: I-It's so bright!



Oto: It seems that I wasn't taking you  seriously enough, Josuke Higashikata.



Oto: I have to give up these foolish thoughts,



Oto: don't you think?



Oto: I'm concentrating all of Morioh's  electricity on my Chili Pepper.



Chi: The reason I didn't do so before



Chi: is because the electricity of this whole  area, which is my power source,



Chi: would be drained to zero for a while!



Chi: But I don't care anymore!



Ch: After I defeat you two, I just need to  fly over there using the RC plane's battery



Chi: and k*ll Joseph!



Koi: I-I can't see!



Josu: You...



Koi: J-Josuke actually got overpowered!



Koi: Josuke!



Chi: Do you see?



All of this town's electricity is on my side!



Oto: I'll be sure to tack the  cost of all the electricity



I just used onto your meter.



Chi: This is the end, Josuke!



Oto: A t-tire?!



Josu: By the time you realize it,  it's probably too late.



Oto: You blew up that tire on purpose, didn't you?



Oto: So you could fix it and trap my  Stand inside the tire's rubber!



Koi: That's right! Tire rubber is an insulator,  so it doesn't conduct electricity!



Koi: Chili Pepper won't be  able to use electricity!



Chili: !



Koi: Yes! Now we just have to wait for Jotaro...



Oto: Just kidding.



Koi: Huh?



Oto: You were going to insulate me with tire rubber?



Oto: It might have worked if it  were about a meter thick!



Oto: Don't make me laugh!



As if this flimsy rubber  could have done anything!



Oto: You foolishass!



Bomu,Sfx: Bomu



Oto: You've lost, Josuke!



Josu: Great. You would have been much better off



Josu: if you didn't have the power  to break through that tire.



Chi: Th-The air from inside the tire!



Koi: It was completely full?!



Chi: N-Not the ocean! The ocean is very bad!



Koi: O-Oh, yeah...



Koi: Salt water conducts electricity.



Koi: Since the ocean's so vast, the electricity  will spread out in every direction!



Chi: I'm sorry! Please!



JoJo-top,Chi: Pull me out of here!



Josu: You said something about reflecting  on your foolish thoughts,



Josu: but it seems that it's your  entire character that's foolish.



Chi: I-I'm dispersing...



Koi: His Stand's been split up! Which means...



Koi: H-He's dead?



Rev: Jotaro!



Rev: We defeated the user!



We defeated Chili Pepper's user!



Jojo: Well done. That's a relief.



Oku: So this guy is Josuke's dad...



Oku: His body's huge, but he's  a rickety-looking man.



Jose: You there,



Jose: what's your name?



Oku: I-It's Okuyasu.



Jose: Okuyasu?



Oku: I'm Josuke's neighbor, and I'm also a Stand user.



Jose: Huh?



Oku: A Stand user.



Jose: Huh?



Oku: A S-t-a-n-d u-s-e-r!



Jose: Ah, you can't stand losers?



Oku: I'm a Stand user!



Jose: Oh, I see! So you're a Stand user.



Jose: Must be rough.



Jose: By the way, Osomatsu,



I can't seem to find my cane. Do you know where it is?



Jose: Ah!



Jose: Sorry about that. It's right in my hand.



Oku: Is this man okay?



Guy: Mr. Joestar.



I've come to carry your luggage.



Jose: By the way, Osomatsu, I have a question.



Jose: Has Josuke...



Jose: Since I didn't even know he was born and



left him alone these past sixteen years,  has he said anything about me?



Oku: I can't say that he's said much about that.



Joseph: I see. So he hasn't...



Koi: Yay! It's finally here!



Koi: Look, Josuke!



Josu: Yeah, that's good, I guess.



Josu: To be honest,



I'm sort of hoping he just goes back home.



Koi: Josuke...



Josu: Well, I mean, I'm glad  he wasn't k*lled by Otoishi,



Josu: and things ended happily ever after.



Josu: But you know...



Josu: I've never even met this guy before.



Josu: I can't really see him as my parent.



Josu: I'm sure it's just going to be  awkward for the both of us.



Josu: Not that I have a grudge  against him or anything.



Josu: But I have to think about  what my mom'll think, too.



Josu: Don't you think so, Koichi?



Koi: O-Oh, no...



Koi: Josuke, there's trouble!



Koi: Th-The body!



Koi: Jotaro, there's trouble!



Koi: Akira Otoishi's body disappeared!



Koi: He's still



Koi: alive!



Guy: There's trouble! The enemy  has boarded the boat!



Guy: It appears that Akira Otoishi was not dead!



Oku: Seriously?



Guy: Take Mr. Joestar...



Guy: Who are you?



Oku: Huh? Did you say something?



Guy: No, he...



Oto: I'm the one who said it!



He's not a part of the Speedwagon Foundation!



Oku: Wha...



Guy: What?!



Oto: He's the enemy!



Oku: Seriously? You!



Guy: Please wait!



I'm the one who told you about the enemy!



Guy: Would any enemy actually do that?!



Guy: He's the real enemy!



Oku: You've got a point.



JoJo-overlap,Oto: I'm the one who pointed out the enemy first!



He came to tell you that so  you'd let down your guard!



Oku: Th-That's also a good point...



Wh-Which one's the enemy?



Both: He is!



Oku: D'oh!



Oku: I have to choose again?



Ou:  it.



This is what I get for relying  on my Big Bro so much...



Oto: Okuyasu's easy to deal with.



Oto: Jotaro hasn't seen my face yet.



Oto: If I can just k*ll Joseph...



Oto: I'm gonna escape!



I'm gonna get out of here!



Oku: Chili Pepper!



Joseph: Huh? What's that about a chilly pigeon?



Rumble,Sfx: Rumble



Oto: I'll k*ll you!



Ku: I figured out



Oku: who it is!



Oku: It's you!



Oku: Don't think you can fool  Okuyasu Nijimura twice!



Oto: H-How did you figure it out?



Oku: You wanna know?



Oto: How...



Oku: I was gonna punch both of you! I'm not very smart, you know.



Josu: Watch...



Josu: your step. You're gonna fall into the ocean.



Jose: S-Sorry.



Jose: If only I had my cane, I'd be able to get down myself,



Jose: but it broke a moment ago...



Josu: G-Guess I don't have a choice.



Josu: Hold on to my hand.



Oku: I just had a great idea!



Oku: Why not have Shining Diamond fix the cane?



Koi: Y-You idiot! What are you saying?



Koi: You're so stupid, Okuyasu.



Oku: Huh? Why?



Koi: Things are better if he  doesn't fix it this time.



Oku: Huh? Why?



Oku: Why is that?



Jojo: Now if we just



Jojo: retrieve the bow and arrow, it'll all be over,



Jojo: including the threat to this town.