Radio: Next on Morioh Radio, we have a  letter from "Troubled Lonesome Boy."



Radio: "Kai, listen to this.



I can't get a hold of my girlfriend  at all and it's making me blue."



Radio: I wonder if she's mad because  I proposed suddenly.



Radio: And I spent all my pay on an engagement ring with a ruby, her birthstone...



Josu: So you were able to successfully  retrieve the bow and arrow.



Jojo: Yeah, from Akira Otoishi's place.



Jojo: He'd been committing burglaries with his Stand.



Jojo: Roughly     million yen worth.



The police are still looking into it.



Jojo: Try doing something with your Stand again.



Jojo: I'll send you to the ends of  the Earth and k*ll you there.



Oto: I'll be safest in prison!



Jojo: Chili Pepper's in pieces.



Even if he gets out of jail,  I'm sure he won't try anything again.



Koi: Jotaro, what are you going  to do with the bow and arrow?



Jojo: The Speedwagon Foundation is going  to hold on to it and research it.



Jojo: It's a crucial piece of evidence we can use  to unravel the mystery behind Stands.



Josu: That's great.



Koi: Thank goodness!



That means this incident's been resolved!



Koi: It didn't end up being that big  a deal, but yay! Hooray!



Jojo: I'm still questioning Otoishi about the Stand



users that were created here.



Jojo: Stay on your guard, just in case.



Josu: Yeah.



JoJo-overlap,Koi: Right.



JoJo-top,Oku: Sure.



Joseph: Coffee in Japan is still the best.



Waitress, can I get a refill?



Josu: Whoa! Ah.



Be more careful. I look away for a second and...



Koi: Josuke, don't you have to go?  The bus will be here soon.



Josu: R-Right...



Josu: Yeah. Come on, let's go. Stand up.



Koi: I wonder if those two will be okay.



I'm worried.



Oku: Whoa, this cake is so good!



Can I get another slice, waitress?



Tomo: Hello, this is the Higashikata resid—



Josu: Hey, Mom. It's me.



Tomo: Josuke? It's unusual for you to call me.



Tomo: Do you need something?



Josu: Well, uh... Hey, y-you're going  to be home all day today, right?



Tomo: Yeah? What about it?



Josu: N-Nothing! As long as you're  there, it's fine. Bye!



Tomo: Hey!



What was that all about?



He'd better not be planning  something weird again.



Josu: Crap. I hope Mom didn't  think that was weird.



Josu: Oh, for crying out loud...



Josu: I told him to wait until I was  done with the phone call!



Josu: Hey, wait!



Josu: Hello? Can you hear me? Hey!



Jose: Did you just call for me?



Josu: Yeah. We can't get a taxi at this hour,



so we're going to take the bus to my house.



Josu: And... I know I'm being pushy, but I'm  going to confirm one more time.



Josu: You can only look from a distance.



Josu: Make sure you don't talk to my mom!



Promise me that.



Josu: My mom won't be happy just  because you came to visit.



Josu: She's gonna be a wreck.



Jose: I know that. I promise.



Josu: Also, one more thing.



Josu: I'm gonna be calling you Mr. Joestar.



Jose: Huh?



Josu: W-Well, you know... I might  as well lay it on the line now.



Josu: I mean, it might seem cold,



Josu: but calling someone I just met "Dad"  or "Pops" is just not happening.



Josu: So after you see my mom, I want  you to go right back to America.



Jose: Right...



You're absolutely right. I understand.



Josu: Man, this is awkward.



Josu: I know it's best to be honest, but still,



there are some things between  people that just aren't possible.



Josu: Hey, Mr. Joestar...



Josu: Excuse me, did you see where the burly  old man who was just here went?



Lady: He got onto that long-distance bus.



Bright Deer



Long Distance Bus



To Sapporo



Josu: Y-You can't be serious! !



Jose: I'm sorry about that.



You said we were getting on a bus, so...



Jose: But I'm surprised you caught  up to the bus by running.



Jose: We were just about to get onto the freeway.



Josu: Right now, I'm thinking it might have  been better to just let you go...



Josu: To Hokkaido!



Josu: Ugh, my stomach hurts.



Jose: Sorry about that.



Jose: Josuke...



Jose: Something seems to be  pulling on my trousers.



Josu: Oh, really? Don't let them  drag you off somewhere again.



Jose: Wha...



Jose: J-Josuke! There's a Stand user nearby!



Josu: Yup, there sure is. Two, in fact... Me and you.



Josu: Anyway, is there a vending  machine nearby? I need a drink.



Jose: Wh-What is this? They're not footsteps.



Jose: Hands? Hand prints?



Jose: Ah! Josuke, the Stand just laughed!



Jose: See? Right here! On top of the sand!



Josu: There's no way I'm letting him see my mom.



Josu: Now he's seeing and hearing things.



Joe: This is concrete!



Where did it go? Where is it? It's gone!



Jose: Where did you go? It's gone!



Josu: Great. This old man is seriously bad news.



Jose: Hermit Purple!



Jose: Get out of here, you mutt! Shoo! Shoo!



Josu: Do you hear something crying?



Jose: It's right here, Josuke.



Jose: A baby! There's a naked baby right here.



Jose: I can tell when I'm touching it. It's invisible!



Josu: What?!



Josu: I-It's there!



Josu: It's really there!



Josu: It's all squishy.



Josu: Well, I'll be .



Josu: It's an invisible baby!



Jose: It feels like it's only about  six months old or so.



Josu: But how did a baby turn invisible out here?



Josu: I'm assuming it's a Stand ability, but...



Josu: There are a lot of questions,  like, "Why did the enemy



Stand user make it invisible,"  and "Where is its mom?"



Jose: Josuke, I think the baby  is actually the Stand user.



Jose: It's a Stand user without realizing it.



Because it's been separated from its  mother, it instinctively went invisible.



Josu: Huh?



Jose: Even adults can develop ulcers, spot baldness, and gray hair



before they realize it for  psychological reasons, right?



Jose: I believe that finding its mother  will be the way to solve this.



Josu: H-Hey, just hurry up and make it stop crying.



Jose: I-I'm not really sure what to do, either.



I did something similar to this, but that was a very long time ago.



Jose: There, there...



Jose: Th-This is...



Josu: Did you figure something out?



Jose: Yes, when I just touched it now.



Jose: It's a little girl.



Jose: Right, the way to tell if it's a boy  or a girl is between the legs!



Josu: Did you find out something else?



Jose: Josuke,



Jose: do you have any tissues?



Josu: Th-That smell...



I-Is there one on your hand? A huge one?



Jose: I-It's invisible, so I couldn't tell  for sure until I could smell it.



Jose: And I just scratched my beard with this hand!



Signbot: Shi



Signbot: Shini



Signbot: Shinin



Signbot: Shining



Signbot: Shining D



Signbot: Shining Di



Signbot: Shining Dia



Signbot: Shining Diamo



Signbot: Shining Diamon



Signbot: Shining Diamond



Signtop: Jo



Signtop: Josuke



Signtop: Josuke Higashi



Signtop: Josuke Higashikata



Guy: I'm returning your manuscript to you.



Guy: I'll be looking forward to those  fixes for the volumes, Sensei.



Josu: For the time being, we're gonna  have to get milk and diapers.



Josu: And since she's naked,  we need to get her some clothes.



Josu: I'm counting on you, Mr. Joestar.



Jose: What? I-I'm buying them?



Josu: Of course. Look at me.



It'd be too embarrassing  for me to buy baby goods.



Josu: There'd be rumors that



a   -year-old delinquent like  me got some girl pregnant.



Jose: But I only have American traveler's checks.



Josu: Oh, fine...



Josu: You can use my credit card.



Jose: Sorry about that.



Josu: Don't buy anything too expensive.



Josu: I've worked hard to build up my  savings, and I don't have much!



Jose: I got it, I got it.



Guy: Welcome.



Guy: Can I help you find something?



Jose: Um... Do you carry disposable diapers?



Guy: Of course! Is this your first time here?



Jose: Yes, it is, but...



Guy: These diapers are easy to change,  even if you're living on your own.



Silky_Smooth_Und,Sign: Silky Smooth Underwear For Adults



Guy: You won't have to worry overnight, either.



Jose: Um... I'm looking for a baby, not myself.



Guy: P-Pardon me! So you're  looking for baby diapers.



Guy: Were you looking for cloth diapers,  or disposable pull-ups?



Jose: Uh... What was that?



Guy: As you can see, this one  will need a diaper cover,



but the disposable pull-up  is simple and economical.



Jose: I-I don't really know, so could you just...



Jose: What size do you need?



Jose: Size?



Guy: How old is the baby?



Guy: Depending on the baby's size,



we have newborn, S-size, M-size,  L-size, XL-size, boys' and girls'.



Jose: Th-There are that many options nowadays?



Jose: W-Well, she's a girl, and when  I held her, she was about this big.



Guy: What do you mean by "when I held her," sir?



Guy: It'd be inconvenient for us  if you bought diapers



that were too big, and then



tried to return them after they've been pooped in.



Jose: Oh, all right. Give me all of the sizes.



Jose: I also need baby wipes,  powdered milk, and baby bottles...



Guy: For baby bottles, we have glass or plastic.



JoJo-overlap,Jose: Huh?



Guy: Glass ones don't scratch or  start to smell as easily,



but they are a bit heavy for a baby to hold.



Guy: The plastic ones are light,  but may have a noticeable smell.



Guy: Which one would you like?



Jose: U-U-Uh... Um...



Guy: We also have various shapes and designs.



Guy: We have ones shaped like  rocket ships and racing cars.



Guy: This one, the baby can hold by itself.



Guy: And this one, if you turn it  upside-down, the doll inside moves.



Jose: I-I have no idea, so if you  could just throw in a few...



Guy: And which bottle n*pples  would you like, sir?



Guy: Rubber ones are soft, but don't last very long.



Guy: Silicon ones last, but are a bit hard.



Guy: This one is called a "Chupatoreni."



Guy: There's a diaphragm where  the nipple goes in the mouth,



Guy: and the flow of milk is adjusted  by how hard the baby sucks on it.



Guy: This is a NUK from Germany.



The shape is slightly flattened, and is said to



more closely resemble a mother's natural shape.



Guy: And just like when drinking breast  milk, it will not come out



unless they use their jaws.



Jose: O-Oh, all right. Whatever is fine. Just give me all of them.



Guy: As for the nipple holes, we have round, Y-shaped, and cross-shaped varieties.



Jose: J-Just give me all of them.



And some baby clothes and socks, too.



Jose: I'll be paying by card.



Guy: Thank you very much, sir.



Jose:    ,   ... I don't really  understand yen that well.



Jose: I wonder how much that is in dollars.



Jose: If     yen is about    cents...



Jose: Well, whatever.



I didn't waste any money,  and it's just baby stuff.



Jose: I'm sure it can't be that expensive.



Josu:  it...



Josu: What's he doing? He's taking forever.



Girla: By the way...



Girl A: The girl who got the ring.  I wonder what happened with that.



Girl A: Since he didn't get an answer,  I wonder if that was a no.



Girl b: They could be super conflicted about it.



Josu: I can't stay here...



Josu: If people from school find me here...



Jose: Sorry to keep you waiting, Josuke.



Jose: Here's your card back.



Josu: You're done? A-All right, let's go.



Josu: Now we won't have to worry  about losing sight of her, but...



Josu: If strangers see that she doesn't  have a face, they'll be creeped out.



Jose: I thought about that and...



Jose: bought some makeup, too.



Jose: Let's try some foundation first. There we go!



Josu: Hey, I think she might actually be cute.



Jose: My, what a beauty!



Josu: This face will help us find her mom.



Josu: We've finally got some hope. We can do this!



Josu: That was a good idea!



Jose: Good, good! All right,  now let's try some lipstick.



Jose: And let's draw on some eyebrows  and eyelashes... Like that.



Josu: I knew he'd do that...



Josu: So this man's the type to get carried  away when you compliment him.



Jose: Now we can finally take you around  without having to worry too much.



Jose: We can't put makeup on your eyes,  so we'll just have to use sunglasses.



Jose: That looks great!



Josu: Here's some milk.



Jose: Maybe I went too light on the foundation.



Jose: It looks like it's starting to come off...



Josu: Th-That's not it!



Jose: What is this?! Sh-She's...



Jose: Sh-She disappeared! And so did my hands!



Josu: This baby's not just making herself invisible!



She's making everything  around her invisible, too!



Josu: Mr. Joestar! Let go of the baby!



Josu: I'm telling you to hurry up  and let go of the baby!



Jose: Th-They're still invisible,  even though I let go of her.



Josu: She's powering up!



Josu: This isn't good.



Josu: It looks like everything within  about thirty centimeters



of that baby is becoming invisible.



Josu: But this doesn't make sense.



Josu: If she keeps trying to protect  herself with her Stand,



Josu: who could even feed her or take care of her?



Jose: So it must be due to feelings of anxiety.



Jose: It's stress.



She doesn't want to be touched  by someone she doesn't know.



Josu: If she powers up any more,  no one will be able to get near her.



Josu: We'll end up invisible, too.



Guy: That's some weird junk.  I wonder who's gonna clean it up.



Guy: Well, I guess someone will do it.



Not me, though.



Jose: Look out!



Josu: What happened?



Jose: This lit cigarette butt was... Oh, you can't see it.



Josu: What are you doing, Mr. Joestar?!



Josu: Don't space out at a time like this!



Jose: I, uh...



Josu: The stroller completely disappeared!



Josu: And the ground, too!



Josu: So it is stress!



The more scared she gets, the wider her range gets!



Jose: That's the sound of the stroller flipping over!



Josu: The invisible baby... fell into the water?!



Josu: Wh-Where is she? Make some noise!



I can't even see any bubbles! Where is she?!



Jose: J-Josuke...



Josu: Shut up!



Josu: This all happened because he  couldn't keep it together.



Josu: That stupid old man!



Josu: This irresponsible guy is my father?



Josu: He's so irresponsible, he was okay with  abandoning my mom for sixteen years.



Josu: There's no way in hell I can  respect someone like him.



Josu: There's no way we can get along.



Josu: You stay out of this.



Josu: Where is she? She should  be right around here.



Josu: I don't care if I turn invisible, too.



Just hurry up and touch me!



Josu: Come on!



Josu: She's not here... Hurry!



Josu: ! How am I supposed to find



an invisible baby in clear water?!



Jose: Josuke, I...



Jose: might die in just a moment,  so when that happens,



please give my regards to your mother.



Jose: I mean...



I am quite old now.



Josu: What are you doing?!



Jose: I'm adding color to the water...



Jose: It's the center...



The color of the blood is turning  more and more invisible.



Jose: The child is in the center.



Josu: Mr. Joestar...



Josu: No one else would think to do this.



Not for someone else's child,  who they've never seen before...



Josu: They wouldn't go this far.



Jose: I wanted to look cool



Jose: in front of you.



Sign top: H



Sign top: Her



Sign top: Herm



Sign top: Hermi



Sign top: Hermit



Sign top: Hermit P



Sign top: Hermit Pur



Sign top: Hermit Purp



Sign top: Hermit Purple



Sign bot: J



Sign bot: Jo



Sign bot: Jose



Sign bot: Joseph



Sign bot: Joseph J



Sign bot: Joseph Jo



Sign bot: Joseph Joe



Sign bot: Joseph Joes



Sign bot: Joseph Joest



Sign bot: Joseph Joestar



Josu: Well, a lot happened...



But it looks like everything  worked out for now.



Josu: O-One hundred and thirty thousand yen?!



The savings I worked so hard for...



Josu: That stupid man!



JoJo-overlap,: There, there.