Koi: What was it?



I've had this feeling ever since last night  that I'm supposed to do something...



Koi: Man, my shoes and bag sure feel heavy today.



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Th-This house...



Koi: Why?



Koi: I somehow ended up walking to Rohan-sensei's house without realizing it.



Koi: The door's open...



Koi: I'd like to stop by and  thank him for yesterday,



Koi: but then I'd be late for school. It's probably a bad idea.



Koi: He might still be asleep,  since he's a manga artist.



Koi: I really shouldn't just barge into his house.



Koi: It's a bad idea...



Koi: Rohan-sensei...



Koi: He's working so frantically.



Koi: But I wonder what it is...



Koi: I can't shake the feeling that being here is actually terrifying.



Koi: What is it?



rohan: I'm glad you came.



Rohan: I've been waiting for you.



You're right on time.



Koi: Huh?



Rohan: However, could I ask you  to wait a little while?



Roha: Two more pages, and I'll be done  with the manuscript for next week.



Roha: I think I'll be done in about twenty minutes.



Koi: Twenty minutes?



Did he just say he'd finish  two pages in twenty minutes?



Koi: Did I hear him wrong?



Koi: Two totally blank pages of manuscript in twenty minutes?



Koi: No way... And he said next week's?



Koi: We only just read this week's manuscript  yesterday, and he'd just finished it.



Koi: What?! You're not going to do pencils first?!



Koi: I-I can't believe it...



He didn't even draw that  complicated story in pencil first!



Koi: It's getting more and more complete...  And he's even drawing the backgrounds with it!



Koi: Wh-What was that just now?!



I couldn't really see it. What did he do?!



Koi: What?! H-He's doing the beta!



Koi: He's flinging ink around like shurikens,



Koi: and hitting exactly the right spots  without going out of the lines!



Koi: Th-This technique...



Koi: Aren't you supposed to fill in beta  by hand with a brush?!



Boom,Sfx: Boom



Koi: He's already done with the beta!



Koi: It's only been about two minutes  since the page was completely white!



Rohan: It's all thanks to you, Koichi.



Rohan: The urge to work keeps welling up in me!



Rohan: I want to draw so bad, I can't help it!



Roha: I just want to keep drawing!



Roha: This is the first time I've been able



to draw nineteen pages in one night!



Roha: I'm drawing a masterpiece right now!



Roha: Your experiences are amazing!



Roha: It's because I'm using your experience  as the source of my story, Koichi!



JoJo-top,Koi: Huh?



JoJo-top,Koi: What...



Roha: Hurry! I want your next reality!



Roha: Let me see your next page!



Roha: The more pages I take,  the more weight you'll lose,



but you don't care, right?



Roha: Because you're going to become  a masterpiece and live forever!



Flip,Sfx: Flip



Koi: I-I remember now!



Heaven's Door!



Y-You're a Stand user!



JoJo-top,Roha: Hey, now...



Let's Go to the Manga Artist's House, Part  



JoJo-top,: I've managed to make a book



JoJo-top,: from a single panel rather  than an entire work!



Roha: This is amazing!



I'm growing as a manga  artist and as a Stand user!



Roha: I'm going read this now, Koichi.



Roha: Oh, my...



Those faces belong to Shining  Diamond's Josuke Higashikata



and The Hand's Okuyasu Nijimura.



Oha: How curious.



Roha: Why would those two be at my house?



Roha: There's no way Koichi would  tell those two about me.



Roha: How strange...



Roha: Huh?



Koi: I-It's Josuke and Okuyasu!



I'm not sure how they found  out I was here, but...



Koi: N-Now they can save me somehow!



Koi: Somehow...



Koi: I have to get them to save me!



Koi: Huh? Okuyasu and Josuke?



Koi: How did you know I was here?



Roha: Now, then...



Roha: Right now, I don't have any  interest in Josuke and Okuyasu.



Roha: I'm just going to finish up the  last two pages for next week,



and steal even more material from Koichi!



Roha: I'm so excited!



Oku: Huh? You were watching a  manga artist do his work?



Oku: This is where that manga artist works?



Rohan Kishibe?



Oku: Is he famous or something?



Oku: Have you heard of him, Josuke?



Josu: Nah. Even that villain Hazamada



made fun of me for not knowing what Perman was.



Koi: That wasn't it.



That wasn't what I wanted  to say to them just now.



Koi: But what was it?



Josu: Well, we were following you  because we were worried



since you were just wandering around,



Josu: but if nothing's wrong, then good. I'm relieved.



Koi: Thanks.



Do you want to come inside  and watch with me?



Josu: Nah, I'll pass.



Josu: I'd get nervous around somebody famous.



Oku: Same here.



I'm just satisfied knowing that you



didn't come here to meet some chick.



Josu: See ya, Koichi.



Koi: Okay.



Koi: I know I'm forgetting something.



I know I forgot to tell them  something really important.



Koi: I remember now!



Koi: I-I was going to ask for help!



Koi: Josuke! Okuyasu!



Koi: I'll head to school soon!



Oku: Sure!



Josu: Don't be late.



Koi: Got it!



Koi: N-No!



Koi: That's not what I wanted to say!



Can_Not,Sign: I can not attack the manga  artist, Rohan Kishibe



Can_Not,Sign: can not



Koi: It's no use! I can't ask them for help.



Koi: C-Can there be a Stand as terrifying as this?!



Koi: Heaven's Door is way too strong!  There's no way to attack it!



Sign: Scribble Scribble Scribble



Roha: Ah, I see...



Sign: Scribble Scribble Scribble



Roha: At this rate, he's going to rip  everything out of me and k*ll me!



Stop,Sign: Stop



Roha: Someone's coming into this mansion!



Roha: What did you do downstairs just now, Koichi?



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Okuyasu!



Oku: Whoa, there! Don't you dare turn around.



Oku: Try anything funny, and I'll crush  you with my Stand, you .



Koi: Okuyasu!



I don't know how you knew that  I was in danger, but I'm so happy!



Roha: It appears he figured it out coincidentally.



Roha: I just realized, but the wound on your hand



must have signaled him  that something was wrong.



Roha: It looks like you scratched it or  caught it on something while crawling.



Koi: I-I was so absorbed, I didn't even notice...



Roha: That's how you figured it out,  right, Okuyasu Nijimura?



Stand name: The Hand...



Roha: You have a complex regarding your dead brother, Keicho,



and whenever you try to make a decision,



you wish that your brother were there.



Oku: Wha...



Oku: What? Who is this guy?



Oku: Hey, Koichi, tell me what  this guy's Stand is!



Koi: W-Well...



Koi: I-I can't!



Koi: I can't say anything that'll put  Rohan Kishibe at a disadvantage.



Koi: If you see even one panel, you lose!



I want to tell you not to look!



Koi: Don't look at that manga!



Okku: Hey, I told you not to move!



Roha: Okuyasu, I wasn't interested in you,



but now that you're in  this house, I have no choice.



Roha: I'll have to turn you into material, too.



Oku: You!



Oku: What?!



Koi: H-He's fast!



Koi: Okuyasu!



Oku: What is this?!



Roha: Josuke Higashikata,



Rooha: you're there, aren't you?



Signtop: Ro



Signtop: Rohan



Signtop: Rohan Kishi



Signtop: Rohan Kishibe



Signbot: Hea



Signbot: Heave



Signbot: Heaven



Signbot: Heaven's



Signbot: Heaven's Do



Signbot: Heaven's Doo



Signbot: Heaven's Door



Koi: Okuyasu!



Oku: What is up with this manga artist?



Roha: Oh, shut up.



Roha: Now, then... Koichi,  I have a question for you.



Koi: Huh?



Roha: Why do you think Josuke Higashikata



is hiding behind that door there?



Roha: Well? What do you think?



Why won't he come out, Koichi?



Koi: Josuke is hiding so he won't see your manga.



Roha: Yes, that is correct. You're pretty smart.



Roha: Okuyasu Nijimura there didn't  know about my Heaven's Door,



so I was able to trick him.



Roha: But unfortunately, because of that, Josuke  Higashikata now knows who I really am.



Roha: On that point, I feel I'm seriously,



no, without a doubt, put at  a very big disadvantage.



Roha: There's also another reason that Josuke  Higashikata is hiding behind the door.



Roha: What do you think that is?



Roha: In order to prevent that from happening,



Roha: I have to somehow drag him  out from behind that door.



Oku: He's in the middle of trying to figure  out how he's going to k*ll you!



Roha: That's also true.



But it's not the exact answer I'm looking for.



Roha: The correct answer is...



Roha: Josuke Higashikata is contemplating whether



he should flee this mansion alone or not.



Koi: Josuke would never do that!



Roha: Right, Koichi.



Roha: It was written in your files that  Josuke Higashikata's personality



would never allow him to abandon you two.



Roha: But you see, manga artists  have a habit of thinking about



every conceivable possibility  because of their job.



Roha: Like, what are all of the possible actions



that the protagonist can  take in this situation?



Roha: In this case, having Josuke run away  now that he knows who I really am



is truly troublesome to me.



Oku: Run... Actually, that might be a good idea.



Oku: He'd be able to get Jotaro,



and if Yukako finds out  what's happening to Koichi,



she'll be super annoyed.



Koi: Ah! We could win with her hair!



Though I don't want to see her!



Oku: Do that, Josuke! Hurry up and let them know!



Roha: You fools!



I explained that to you  so that it wouldn't happen!



Roha: Okuyasu! I already wrote that into your body!



Koi: Huh?



Roha: I'll allow you to explain what I wrote  in there to those two, Koichi.



Koi: No!



Oku: What's written there, Koichi?



Koi: B-But that's... No...



Koi: We can't run anymore!



Koi: You can't run away from this!



Oku: I'm asking you what's written there, Koichi!



Sign: If Josuke Higashikata makes trouble for Rohan Kishibe, I will commit suicide by self-immolation



Sign: If Josuke Higashikata makes trouble for Rohan Kishibe, I will commit suicide by self-immolation



Oku: S-Suicide?!



Koi: You'll commit suicide if  Josuke even tries to help us!



Oku: H-Hey, hey! I'll commit  suicide by self-immolation?



Oku: Don't be stupid! Like I'd die  in such a horrific way!



Oku: Huh?



Koi: But you will! He's invincible!



We can't defy him, no matter what!



Oku: Stop! My right hand!



Roha: So you've come out.



Koi: It's not that he came out,  but he was basically dragged out.



Roha: Ah... That's rather childish and simple,  but it might be quite effective.



Roha: This room is small and  there's nowhere to run.



Roha: If you can defeat me in a single blow,  Heaven's Door will disappear,



and Okuyasu won't commit suicide.



Koi: Josuke!



Koi: Closing his eyes is pretty simple,  but it might be a good idea.



Koi: As long as he doesn't see the manuscript,  Heaven's Door is powerless.



Koi: Just come charging straight in like that!



Roha: Which means...



Roha: I just need to open your eyes somehow.



Roha: Oh! He was able to withstand that.



This isn't good...



Roha: If he comes charging at me, I'll be finished.



JoJo-topinternal,Roha: If I were a protagonist in a manga,  what would I do in this situation?



seconds,Sign: seconds



JoJo-topinternal,Roha: How would I get him to open his eyes?



Koi: Go, Josuke!



Oku: Hurry up, Josuke!



Roha: I know!



There was something written in Koichi's file...



Roha: There! This is it!



Roha: I'm going to laugh at your hairstyle, Josuke!



Roha: That's from, like, twenty or thirty years ago!



Roha: You actually think that's cool?



Roha: How's that?



Roha: Looks like he gets angry if I say that.



Roha: It's sort of hard to believe,  but the file doesn't lie.



It's    % true.



Josu: What did you say just now?



Oku: J-Josuke, calm down!



Josu: Just try and say that one more time!



Roha: You opened them...



Roha: Didn't you hear me?



It appears that you think  that hairstyle is cool,



but it doesn't look good on you at all.



Roha: It's lame!



Roha: Though a dirty little bird might  like to make your head its nest.



Roha: That's just a maybe, though.



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: I've won.



Koi: Huh?!



Oku: What?!



Roha: Wh-What was that?



Roha: I-I know that I opened his eyes  and showed him the manuscript!



Koi: W-We're back to normal!



Roha: I'm certain that I showed it to him... Why?



Josu: Where did you fly off to?!



Josu: Come back out here, !



Oku: No, he totally didn't see...



Koi: He didn't see?



Do you mean that he's so worked up,



he doesn't even know what he's doing?



Josu: Where are you hiding, you foolishass?!



Josu: Get out here!



Oku: Yeah... He's the kind of guy that loses sight



of everything, even that manuscript,  when someone disses his hair.



Koi: I had no idea he actually got this mad.



Koi: This is way worse than I imagined.



Roha: What?



Roha: S-Something about Josuke's personality  that Koichi didn't know?



Roha: That means it's information  that's not in the file!



Roha: Why? Why does he get so  mad about his hairstyle?



Roha: There has to be a reason... Why?



Josu: I won't forgive anyone who disses my hair!



Josu: I won't keep quiet, no matter who it is!



Koi: The reason behind his hair...



I think I heard a little about it before.



Koi: That just might be why...



Oku: Huh? What are you talking about?



Koi: It has to do with when  Josuke was a kid, but...



Koi: This story is going to include my own



guesses about why this happened.



Koi: Apparently, when Josuke was four,



he passed out from an  inexplicable high fever,



Koi: and for fifty days, they weren't sure whether he'd live or die.



Tomo: Josuke...



Koi: He found out later that it  was right around the time



when Jotaro and Mr. Joestar



went to Egypt to defeat the man named DIO.



Koi: But at the time, they had  no idea it happened,



so Josuke's mom drove him  to a hospital in S City.



Koi: But on that day, Morioh was hit with  its worst blizzard in    years.



Tomo: It's no use... What should I do?



Tomo: Cars don't come by here often,



: and there are no pay phones.



Tomo: I should have called an  ambulance at the house.



Tomo: I shouldn't have brought  Josuke out in this snow.



Koi: That's when it happened.



Tomo: Wh-What do you want? Go away!



Sign: That kid is sick, right? I'll push your car for you.



Tomo: Huh?



Sign: Hurry up and step on the gas.



Sign: Once you get moving, don't stop. Just keep going...  Or your tires will get stuck in the snow again.



Tomo: O-Okay...



Tomo: Thank you!



Koi: His mom looked for that boy later,



but couldn't find a single lead.



Koi: Though the boy didn't personally save Josuke's life,



Koi: the four-year-old Josuke  thought that what the boy did



made him his hero.



Koi: He's an inspiration that's  burned into his heart,



and his example of how to live.



Koi: So when someone insults that,



something deep in his heart snaps.



Josu: I don't know who he is,



: but I admire him so much  that I copied his hairstyle.



Josu: And I won't forgive anyone who insults it,



Josu: because it's the same as insulting him.



Koi: I think that story might be the reason.



Koi: Though I thought Josuke was making it up,



so I wasn't listening very carefully.



Oku: Huh... I had no idea something  like that happened.



Koi: Rohan's holding a pen!



Oku: villain! You're going to try again?!



Roh: N-No...



I-I wanted to sketch this and write a memo before I lost consciousness.



Roha: What a wonderful story! And I just  experienced something amazing.



Roha: I'm so happy.



I don't get to experience  something like this often.



Roha: If I can make it work in my own project...



Roha: I'm so lucky.



I'm so glad I moved to Morioh.



Oku: It's no use.



Until he dies, he'll keep trying  to use anything as material



for his manga, no matter how  horrible the experience.



Koi: At this point, you have to commend him.



Koi: Putting good and bad aside,  I have to admire that attitude.



Koi: He really is a super manga artist.



Josu: There you are, manga artist!



Josu: I'm not done punching you!



Oku: You sort of have to commend him, too.



Koi: Y-Yeah...



Speech bubble: Sorry!



Sign top: Rohan Kishibe's  Pink Dark Boy  — Notice of Hiatus —



TParagraph: Thank you for always reading Pink Dark Boy. For personal reasons, we will be on hiatus for about one month. (From the Editors)