Sign: Budogaoka Bank



Sign: Great Year-End Lottery



Guy: Congratulations on your entry.



Guy: You've come just before the expiration date,



Guy: but you've indeed won the  third place prize, five million yen.



Guy: Now, then... Here you go.



Guy: This is the promissory note  for five million yen.



Sign: Morioh Station Branch



Guy: As it states on the paperwork,  you'll be able to cash it in three days.



Sign: Promissory Note



Sign: Budogaoka Bank   Morioh Station Branch



Total,Sign: Total



Sign: Please pay the amount stated above in exchange for this promissory note.



Oku: One, ten, hundred, thousand...



Josu: Th-There are six zeros...



Guy: Now, I do have one question...



Reception_Office,Sign: Reception Office



Guy: From which vendor did you  gentlemen purchase this ticket?



Sniff, sniff.



Josu: Wh-Which?



Josu: Wh-Why do you want to know that?



Guy: Oh, it's just a formality.



Guy: You stupid little brats.



You won five million yen? That's too fishy.



Guy: I'm a very capable bank associate,  and I smell something rotten here.



Guy: Or perhaps



Guy: there's a reason you'd rather  not answer that question?



Guy: W-Well, of course we bought it in Morioh.



Guy: Oh? Well, that's bizarre...



Guy: There isn't a single lottery vendor in Morioh.



Josu: O-Oh, right...



Josu: It must have been when we went to S City.



Josu: We bought all kinds of things,  so I don't remember that well...



Oku: I-I-I-I-I-It was a while back, too...



Guy: I just realized something bizarre...



Guy: On the other side of the lottery ticket,



Guy: there's a place to write your name  and telephone number, and...



Ichiro_Morishita,Sign: Ichiro Morishita



Guy: Ichiro Morishita...



Guy: The name written here doesn't  match any of your names.



Josu: N-Name?!



Oku: Phone number?!



Shige: That was written on the back?!



Josu: E-Er...



Guy: Well, well, well, well, this is truly bizarre.



Guy: This is your lottery ticket, isn't it?



Josu: Oh, yeah! Now I remember!



Josu: I wrote down my friend's number  on that instead of a memo pad!



Guy: Oh! Is that so?



Guy: Then how about we give  Mr. Ichiro Morishita a call?



Guy: We can also tell where



lottery tickets are purchased  with the serial number here.



Guy: If Mr. Ichiro Morishita was the  one who purchased this ticket



and remembers exactly where he bought it,



Guy: we'll then have to check this signature, too...



Guy: To see who this ticket belongs to.



Guy: Depending on the situation, we may  have to turn it over to the police.



All: The police?!



Mori: Hello? This is Morishita.



Guy: Hello, I'm calling on behalf of Budogaoka Bank.



Guy: I wanted to inquire if Mr. Ichiro Morishita



had purchased the Great  Year-End Lottery ticket.



Guy: Oh, I'm Ichiro Morishita,  and yes, I bought one.



Mori: Yeah, I'm sure I bought one.



Guy: Yes! You stupid little brats!



My sense of smell was correct!



Guy: There's no way God would grant  brats like you the winning ticket!



Morishita,Sign: Morishita



Guy: So you did! You bought a lottery ticket.



Mori: Yeah, I did.



Morishita_Ichiro,Sign: Morishita Ichiro



: But I bought like, ten, and  none of them were winners.



Josu: I'm going to change just part of the signature...



Kinoshita_Ichiro,Sign: Kinoshita Ichiro



Guy: You see, Mr. Kinoshita, your lottery ticket...



Mori: Kinoshita? My name's Morishita.



Guy: Huh? But it said "Mori"!  What? How strange...



Gu: Your phone number is     -    ,  correct, Mr. Kinoshita?



Mori: I told you my name's not  Kinoshita, you foolishass!



Mori: It's Morishita!



Mr: Why are you wasting my time with this?



Mori: I threw them all away.



: Why don't you sell some  winning tickets sometime?



Guy: P-Pardon me...



Gy: J-Just wait, you!



Phone: The number you are trying to  reach is currently not in use.



Phone: Please confirm the number and try again...



Oku: A-Are you satisfied?



Guy: I-I-I'm terribly sorry for my rudeness.



Shige: Yay! It's my money!



Shige: I won this five million yen!



Oku: Hey, you promised that half  of it would be ours, Shigechi!



Shige: Did I say that?



Oku: You're doing that again?!



Okku: Hey, Josuke! Why are you stopping me?!



Oku: You're not gonna let him get  away with it again, are you?



Josu: No... This time, I'm not backing down, either!



Josu: There's no way you're getting away with this!



Oku: Well said, Josuke!



Of course you wouldn't back down!



It's only logical!



Josu: So now you don't want to  split the money, Shigechi?



Josu: You realize this amount is way too  much for that to fly, don't you?



Shige: Here.



Shige: This should be enough for you guys.



Shige: You didn't really do anything, after all.



Shige: I'll take pity on you  because you're my friends.



Crush,Sfx: Crush



Oku: Why, you—



Josu: Hey, Okuyasu!



Oku: Give us the money, you foolishass!



Oku: You promised us half,  so you're going to give us half!



Oku: Stop being greedy, you idiot!



Josu: You're always so quick to hit. Don't be rash.



Ku: When foolishasses don't get what you're saying,  this is how you make them understand!



Josu: Are you hurt?



Josu: I'm sorry Okuyasu suddenly hit you.



Josu: But, Shigechi, let's not cause any trouble.



Josu: We're gonna hold onto the promissory  note for the five million.



Josu: In three days, when it becomes cash,



Josu: let's split it evenly in half, like we discussed.



Oku: But, man, he's ridiculous.



Oku: I'm done hanging out with him.



Josu: But you know,



Josu: I think we should reflect on the fact that we thought about using him



to get some pocket money, too.



Oku: You dummy.



Josu: Huh?



Oku: I'm not gonna think of it like that.



Oku: The only reason he was able to get  the five million was because of us.



Oku: If it was him alone, he could only  get maybe tens of thousands.



Oku: But he's getting  .  million on his own.



Both:  .  million!



Both: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,



Both: yes, yes, yes, yes!



Harv: Like I'll give it to you.



Harv: Like I'll give it to you!



Harv: I heard everything, !



Harv: I won't give you guys even one yen!



Harv: We got that five million  because of my Harvest!



Shige: You're no match for my Harvest!



Shiige: You wanna see proof?



You want to see some solid proof?



Shige: I'll show you!



Ow!



Oku: villain!



JoJo-overlap,Josu: No! The promissory note for the five million!



Oku: You're underestimating us, you little punk!



Shige: If you keep chasing me,



Shige: I'll k*ll you.



Josu: Shigechi...



Okku: You're gonna k*ll us, you backstabbing villain?



Oku: You'd better be prepared to die if you're  gonna bring out your Stand against us!



Oku: W-Wait, Josuke...



Josu: What's wrong?



Oku: What's this sensation?



Oku: M-My legs...



Oku: are itching really bad.



Josu: Itching? At a time like this?



Oku: They itch really bad!



Oku: My whole body itches!



Oku: Wh-What is this?!



Josu: Lift up your pants, Okuyasu! Hurry!



Oku: What?!



Oku: They're inside my pants!



Josu: I-It's no use!



Knocking off two or three of  them won't damage him at all!



Oku: !



Oku: He's running away!



Josu: I-I'm starting to get really annoyed.



Oku: I've already been super annoyed!



Josu: We're not letting you get away, five million!



Oku: Now he's totally made enemies of the Okuyasu-Josuke duo!



Sign bot: Shi



Sign bot: Shin



Sign bot: Shinin



Sign bot: Shining



Sign bot: Shining D



Sign bot: Shining Di



Sign bot: Shining Dia



Sign bot: Shining Diamo



Sign bot: Shining Diamon



Sign bot: Shining Diamond



Sign top: Jo



Sign top: Josuke



Sign top: Josuke Higashi



Sign top: Josuke Higashikata



Oku: ! How dare he make a  fool of the great Okuyasu?!



I'm gonna beat him to death!



Josu: He must be really foolish to be greedy enough



to take the whole five million.



Oku: You stupid fatty!



You think you can run with a body like that?!



Oku: See? That's what you get, moron!



Oku: H-He keeps summoning Harvests under  him like a caterpillar track,



Oku: or like a bucket relay!



Jojsu: What? He's ridiculously fast!



Oku: He may be a simpleton, but he's pretty clever.



Oku: Are they like his natural instincts?



Oku: Crap! We're gonna lose him!



Josu: Calm down.



Josu: We just need to



Josu: have our Stands lift our bodies in  the same way he is, and climb up!



Ooku: I get it!



Shige: My five million...



Josu: You actually think you can  get away from us, Shigechi?



Oku: Bring it on!



Oku: I'll carefully pop your Harvests, one by one!



Shige: My Harvest is amazing.



Shige: It'll gather anything!



Shige: Even screws holding pipes together.



Shige: Even bolts!



Josu: If you want to talk about amazing,  there's also my Shining Diamond!



Josu: Heya.



Oku: I'm still super annoyed, but right now,  I'm still willing to forgive you.



Oku: I'll just hit you two or three times!



Josu: Come on, give us the promissory note  for the five million, Shigechi.



Shige: I told you...



Shige: If you came after me,



I'd k*ll you.



Josu: Wh-What?



Josu: My hands...



That hurt...



Josu: I can't stand! Okuyasu, be careful!



Josu: He did something to me!



Josu: O-Okuyasu, you too?



Shige: You still haven't figured it out?



You guys are drunk!



Josu: A-Alcohol?!



Liquor,Sign: Liquor



Shige: My harvest gathers anything!



Shige: It brought some alcohol  from the liquor store earlier,



Shige: then injected it into your bodies!



Shige: Right into your veins!



Josu: Wh-What?!



Both: You!



Shige: When you inject alcohol into your veins,



even a tiny amount will get you really drunk!



Josu: C-Come to think of it,



I've heard that alcohol is in the  same group as anesthetics...



Josu: Th-That one... m-might be pretty smart...



Josu: Or it might be his natural instincts.



Oku: I-I'm gonna m*rder him!



Oku: There's no way we're gonna lose  just because we're drunk!



Oku: M-My eye!



Oku: Josuke, hurry and fix it!



Josu: W-Wait, Okuyasu!



Shige: You guys had the nerve to



call me unreasonable and other  things earlier, didn't you?



Shige: I'll show you what happens  when you underestimate me!



Josu: D-!



Josu: You have the nerve to get c*ck after  you're the one who broke your promise?



Josu: I'm seriously going to get annoyed!



Josu: There's no telling what I'll do then!



Shige: Shut your stupid mouth, Josuke!



Shige: Your Stands' powers are nothing!



Shiige: You guys are useless!



Shige: Make demands once you have  even half of Harvest's power!



Oku: Josuke, close your eyes!



Oku: Josuke!



Shige: , so close!



Shige: But it's no use closing your eyes.



Shige: Harvest can get anything!



Shige: It can rip off your eyelids  and pry out your eyeballs!



Oku: All right, Shigechi, stop!



Forgive us already! It was all our fault.



Shige: Oh? You're apologizing?



Josu:  it, you little punk!



Shige: Oh? Okuyasu, it doesn't seem  like Josuke feels that way.



Oku: I-I'll give him a talking-to!



Oku: Just let us off the hook with this!



Okku: This is the   ,    yen you gave  me and the rest of my money.



Oku: Let us off the hook with this.



Oku: Who's going to fix my eye if Josuke gets k*lled?



Josu: O-Okuyasu...



Shige: Oh, yeah! I just remembered!



Shige: I felt really bad for you guys,  and gave you more than   ,    yen!



Oku: Here, take this, and please forgive us.



Josu: I get it, Okuyasu!



Josu: Just like baiting a tanuki  with food and catching it,



Josu: you're trying to lure him  over with cash to defeat him!



Josu: I totally got what you're thinking!



Shige: Okuyasu, being honest like that  is very favorable with me.



Shie: There, there.



Shige: Hey, wait a sec.



Shige: Okuyasu, you aren't trying  to trick me by luring me



closer with money so you can attack  me with your Stand, are you?



Shige: Ah! So you are!



Shige: Did you really think I'd fall for that?



Shige: You really thought I was that stupid?



I won't forgive you anymore!



Oku: That's fine, if you don't forgive us.



Oku: But it's too late.



Don't you realize that you're  already in The Hand's range?



Oku: I'm going to scrape away space



Oku: and make it



Oku: teleport!



Josu: We got it back.



Shigee: Got it back?



Wh-What are you talking about?



Shige: I'll just easily take it back...



Josu: You don't seem to realize, Shigechi,



Josu: that you have no chance of winning now.



Shige: The five million!



Shige: What are you doing?!



Shige: Inconceivable! Inconceivable!



Shige: Stop!



Shige: Why would you do that?!



Shig: Inconceivable! Inconceivable!  Inconceivable! Inconceivable!



Shige: That's five million yen!



Josu: Basically, just try and injure or k*ll us.



Josu: The only one that can fix this  note is my Shining Diamond...



Josu: So there's no way you can win.



Shige: Oh... I-I see! Conceivable!



Josu: And what happens next certifies your loss.



Shige: H-Huh? Again, inconceivable! Inconceivable!  Inconceivable! Inconceivable!



Shie: What are you doing?!



Shige: Pick them all up, Harvest!



Josu: Looks like you don't realize that



Josu: the fact that you're having  Harvest go pick them up



means that you've lost.



Ku: So now who's going to protect you  from these two drunks right here?



Shige: Oh, conceivable...



Smash,Sfx: Smash



Oku: We did it.



Josu: Now, Shigechi...



Josu: Why don't we review something very simple?



Josu: The one that collects all  the pieces is your Harvest,



Josu: and whose Stand is the one that will put them back together?



Hm?



Josu: Who is it?



Who's going to fix it with  their Shining Diamond?



Shige: J-Josuke...



Whack_Whack,Sfx: Whack Whack



Josu: Josuke? Did you just address me so casually?



Shige: M-Mr. Josuke!



Josu: That's right, it's Mr. Josuke.



Josu: But who was the one who just took  back the promissory note from you?



Say his name.



Shige: O-Okuyasu...



Shige: Mr. Okuyasu!



Josu: Well done. That's a good boy.



Josu: All right, next, let's do a little calculation.



Josu: How should we split the five million?



Josu: How would we split it so  that no one feels slighted?



Shige: H-Half is fine...



Josu: In half?



You realize now that there are  three of us here, don't you?



Josu: So isn't half a bit off?



Josu: That doesn't really add up at all.



Both: Hello?



Shige: I-It'd be a third...



Shige: Th-That's right...



If it was just me, I'd only be able to gather.



Shige: I-I was wrong.



Shige: We all found this lottery ticket.



Shige: We wouldn't have gotten it  without the three of us.



Shige: I...



I realize that now. I was blinded by greed.



Shige: Let's split it up evenly,  so no one is slighted.



Bam,Sfx: B{\c&H    D &}a{\c&H BC F &}m



Josu: Yes!



Shige: B-Bills!



Oku: I-It's five million yen!



Guy: Please consider depositing it into our  Budogaoka Bank for peace of mind.



Josu: Of course!



Oku: We finally did it! It's like a dream!



Shige: Wait... Splitting it up evenly  so no one is slighted, huh?



Shige: Huh? This is weird.



If we're going to split it up evenly,



isn't it unfair if we don't include  the number of Stands we have?



Shige: If we consider that my Stand,  Harvest, is about    ,



Shige: then we should split it     to   and  .



Shige: Don't you think so?



Josu: You little villain!



Oku: You're seriously going to  argue about this again?



It's never going to end, you foolishass!



Shige: O-One third is fine!



Josuke_Higashika,Sign: Josuke Higashikata – Money Currently in Possession –  ,   ,    yen



Nar: It's a bit unforgivable for first-years  in high school to have this much, but...



Nar: To be continued!