Roha: Don't touch those dice, Josuke Higashikata!



Roha: Don't move an inch.



Josu: What's he going to do?



Josu: If Rohan finds out that I've been  using that alien to cheat...



Josu: Knowing him,



Josu: just apologizing is definitely  not going to cut it.



Josu: What are you checking?



Roha: I could be imagining it, but I feel  like the dice are staring at me.



Dice: Gulp.



Dice: Ba-dum, ba-dum...



Roha: Hmph. Well, whatever.  Let's continue the game.



Sign: Rohan... Adds    New Chips



Josu: W-Well, then... I'll go easy and just bet two.



Josu: You get it now, right, Alien?



Josu: I need to just manage to win.



Josu: I just need to be a tiny bit ahead in the end.



Josu: All right, go!



Josu: H-He doesn't get it!



Roha: I guess what happens twice is  bound to happen a third time.



Roha: I suppose it's possible to roll this more than once.



Roha: An omen is worth five times the bet, yes?



Roha: I'll pay up.



That's what came up, so it can't be helped.



Josu: Right... I guess things that happen  twice can happen a third time.



Josu: Wh-Wh-Wha...



Josu: What are you doing?!



Roha: I'm not sure how, but I  know that you're cheating.



Roha: That's unforgivable...



It's unforgivable that I can't figure it out!



Josu: Dude, you're messed up in the head!



Roah: You're infuriating.



Up until now, I've held back  my anger toward you



for Mr. Joestar and Koichi's sakes,



Roha: but you are currently trying  to make a fool of me.



Roha: Just thinking about you laughing  deep down inside is unbearable.



Josu: Let me see your hand.  I'll have Shining Diamond fix it.



Roha: Shut up!



Roah: Do you know why I did that to my pinky?



Roha: So that you won't be able to forfeit  the game, Josuke Higashikata!



Roha: I won't let a doofus like you  underestimate the great Rohan!



Roha: We'll both just play one more time.



Roha: In that time, I swear I will  figure out how you're cheating.



Roha: If I am unable to determine  how you're cheating...



Roha: There's two million yen there.



Roha: I'll use that to ask you to fix  my pinky with Shining Diamond.



Roha: However, if I figure out how you're cheating,



Roha: I'm going to take your  pinky, Josuke Higashikata.



Tama: Hey, you two look like you're having fun.



Tama: Hey, it's me. Been a while, Josuke!



Tama: I was stuck in the hospital for a month.



Tama: I don't really remember how,



but apparently I hurt my head on the side of the road.



Josu: Tamami?



What are you doing here?



Roha: I called him earlier and asked  him to act as an official.



Josu: An official?



Tama: I'm Tamami Kobayashi.



Tama: I will make sure the contracted promise  is promptly and surely collected,



Tama: using this lock that attaches to your heart.



Tama: I will work fairly, no matter  who wins or who is involved.



Tama: I charge   %, or    ,    yen,  whichever sum is larger.



Tama: You will both play one more time



Tama: and see if you can figure out  the cheat or not, correct?



Roha: Yeah.



Josu: What?!



Roha: However, you can also get  out of this by not cheating,



Roha: so I will ensure that doesn't happen.



Roha: Should you win without cheating,



Roha: I will create a rule where Tamami's  lock will automatically attack you.



Josu: This really isn't good... But I have to do this!



Josu: I have to keep the cheat going to  the end and break through this!



Roha: Well, then... I'll go first.



Roha: How's that?!



Tama: A four!



Tama: A pair of three's and a four!



Josu: Yes! That throw ended up  being normal "naturally."



Now he won't find out.



Josu: I-It's my turn next, right?



Oha: Hmph. You look rather relieved.



Roha: It's as though something you  asked someone to do went well.



Josu: Don't get rattled. Rohan hasn't figured it out.



Josu: I'm just going to keep playing!



Josu: H-He threw up?!



Josu: C-Crap! He's getting dizzy!



Josu: It's because Rohan shook him around so much.



Rhoa: Josuke! Don't you dare hide  the dice with your hand.



Josu: Huh?



Roha: I can't see them.



You need to throw the dice so I can see them.



Tama: Huh? I wonder if there's a fire somewhere.



Josu: Wh-What? Sirens?!



Josu: Th-This guy's allergic to sirens.



Josu: Crap! He's going to turn back!



Roha: What are you doing? You're being suspicious!



Show me what's in your hand at once!



Josu: Sorry so sudden, but that was  a yell to get me hyped up!



Josu: I'll throw now!



Josu: Go! Do it!



Tama: It's a     omen!



Tama: The lock didn't move. Josuke is cheating!



Tama: Well? Did you figure it out, Rohan-sensei?



Tama: Or are you admitting defeat, Rohan-sensei?



Josu: Looks like the rash isn't  showing up on Rohan's side.



Josu: Please hang in there!



Tama: Did you figure it out or not?



Josu: I'm done for...



Tama: That's... I've got it!



Josu: He knows!



Tama: I've got it! The fire's here!



Roha: Huh?!



Tama: Rohan-sensei, your house is on fire!



Tama: It's the magnifying glass!



The magnifying glass caused the fire!



Tama: We were too busy with  the game to even notice!



Roha: Shut up! I don't care if my house is burning!



Roha: It's more important that I figure  out how Josuke is cheating!



Tama: What are you talking about?!



You have to get out of here,   and take your two million!



Josu: W-Well, I'll be going now...



Tama: Wait, Josuke!



Josu: But first, I'm going to fix your pinky.



Roha: No one asked you to do that!



Roha: Josuke, wait! You!



Josu: That was close... But I guess I have a way  of making people resent me, huh?



Josu: I had no idea.



Kimi: You seem down.



Kimi: Was I able to be of use to you?



Josu: Sh-Shut up, !



Sign: Rohan Kishibe's House:  ,   ,    yen in fire damage



Sign: Josuke:        Didn't really lose anything, . but managed to make Rohan's grudge toward him even deeper



Nar: Rohan Kishibe's house:   ,   ,    yen in fire damage.



Nar: Josuke: Didn't really lose anything,



JoJo-topinternal,: but managed to make Rohan's  grudge toward him even deeper.



Sign: Kawajiri Kosaku Shinobu Hayato



Dj: Now, all you drivers out there,  please be careful when driving.



Dj: It seems a motorcycle crashed at the  entrance of Futatsumori Tunnel yesterday,



Dj: and the young rider was badly injured.



Dj: Police later found out...



Haya: Lately, Mom's been acting strange.



Haya: She's been dressing up, she got new lipstick,



Haya: and she's in a good mood...



Haya: Did something happen?



Haya: It's been a while since Mom  got naked in front of Dad.



Haya: Am I a child that was born to parents who loved each other?



Haya: What's he doing?



Kira: Josuke Higashikata... Jotaro Kujo...



Kira: It's their fault I'm in this mess.



Mik: Oh, Josuke-san. Thank you for yesterday.



Josu: Where did you sleep and eat  after what happened yesterday?



Mom: Mikitaka! Mikitaka!



Mom: You need to stay right behind me!



Mom: We just moved here,  so there's a lot we must do.



Miki: All right, Mother. I'll be right there.



Josu: H-Huh?



Mom: Don't tell me you're pulling  jokes on people again



by telling them you're an alien.



Mm: If he said that to you,  please don't think anything of it.



Mom: At his last school in Tokyo,  people took it seriously,



and there was a lot of trouble.



Mom: Now, if you'll excuse us.



Josu: Huh? What?!



Miki: I brainwashed her into  thinking that I'm her son.



Miki: The name "Mikitaka Hazekura"  is the name I'm using on Earth.



See ya!



Mom: Mikitaka! Come here this instant!



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Hazekura...Alien or Stand User?!



H-Huh?



Huh?!



Dad: What was that?



Dad: What was with that brat?



Dad: Was he actually an alien?



Or was he a Stand user created  by this arrow when it hurt him?



Dad: The way he pulled Josuke and Rohan  Kishibe apart was very effective...



Dad: But!



Dad: Next time, the next Stand, Highway Go Go,



will defeat those who go after my son!



Roha: Why are you avoiding eye contact with me?



Rha: You should at least greet me.



Roha: After all, I am older than  you, Josuke Higashikata.



Josu: Sorry about yesterday.



Th-That fire must have been a lot of trouble.



Roha: Yes. Just like in the movie Pretty Woman,



about  ,   ,    yen worth  of furniture was burned.



Roha: Not that I care in the least.



Roha: What's wrong? Sit down.



Roha: Someday, I will pay you back  for yesterday's dice game.



Roha: What?



Roha: That was...



Roha: Josuke, did you see that?



Roha: There was a door to a house in the tunnel wall.



Roha: There's someone inside!



Roha: There's a window, too!



Roha: There's a room in the tunnel wall.



Roha: A room that someone lives in!



Roha: There's a man, too!



But I can't see either of their faces!



Roha: What is he doing?!



Roha: Josuke, did you see that?!



Josu: Shut up, Rohan Kishibe!



Josu: How long are you going  to try to mess with me?!



Roha: Can no one else see it?



Roha: Is that house... a new Stand user?



Roha: The man who cut off that woman's hand...



Could he be...



Roha: Yoshikage Kira?!



Sign: Morioh Landmark    "Futatsumori Tunnel"



Sign: Completed in year   of the Kaei  Period (    ). Fixed in year    of  the Showa Period.     meters in  length. Is on the road connecting  S City and Morioh. Because it is curved inside, the exit is not visible  from the entrance. As there is very  little light, there are many  accidents, and since is it rather  creepy, it's considered haunted  by young people.



Sign: Futatsumori Tunnel



Josu: There was a room inside the tunnel?!



Josu: You're not fooling me!



Josu: You want to get back at me by  telling me a stupid lie like that?



Roha: You don't believe me, Josuke Higashikata?



Roha: A liar like you who cheats with dice...



Roha: A liar like you who always does  something different from what he says,



Roha: has the nerve to call me a liar?



Roha: It appears we truly do not get along.



Roha: I guess you wouldn't understand,  even if you went back there with me.



Roha: All right, let's go.



Roha: That's the exit.



Roha: There was nothing there.



Roha: There was nothing here but a wall.



Rha: Maybe it really was an illusion.



Roha: What?!



Sfx: Crash



Roha: Th-This is...



Roha: Th-The room I saw from the bus.



Roha: It appeared out of nowhere!



Roha: Though the man and woman  I saw earlier aren't here.



Roha: Crap! Something's there!



Roha: So this room was a trap after all!



Roha: It's coming... Something's there!



Roha: I can't see it, but something's coming at me!



Roha: Something came toward me.



Roha: I couldn't see it, but it came right toward me.



Roha: It was something not human.



Roha: That room was a trap.



Roha: The man that resembled  Kira was also an illusion.



Roha: Now I know that room is a Stand.



Roha: I can't handle it alone.  Should I tell Mr. Joestar about it?



Roha: What? It's chasing after me!



Roha: What is that?!



Roha: These... These things that  look like footprints...



Roha: Are they the Stand?



Roha:   km/h!



Roha: I managed to get away.



Roha: Apparently if I go faster than    km/h, it can't keep up.



Roha: Is it being remotely controlled?



Roha: What?!



Roha: Crap! It caught up to me!



Roha: I only slowed down a little bit!



Roha: Th-This thing...



Roha: I'll turn it into a book and control it!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: Crap... It's sucking out my power...



Josu: I know I just said that I never  wanted to see Rohan again,



Josu: but here I am.



Josu: I'm a liar who always does something  different from what he says.



Josu: What?!



Josu: W-Wait... C-Could this be...



Josu: Rohan's motorcycle? Only the motorcycle?!



Sfx: Smash



Roha: Th-That thing...



Star: Give me nutrients...  Give me your nutrients!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roh: The Stand's name is Highway Go Go.



Roha: That room was a trap.



Roha: When a curious passer-by enters that room,



it'll go any distance to chase them down,



like a hunting dog on a scent,  then it sucks out their nutrients.



Roha: Once one is touched by  Highway Go Go, its weak spot...



Roha: Its weak spot...



Roha: d-doesn't exist?!



Roha: I-It's no use... I don't have any strength.



Roha: I can't read any more.



I-I'm losing more and more power...



Oha: I can't even write an order on him...



Roha: I can't...



Josu: Rohan!



Jou: Hey, are you here, Rohan?!



Roha: Josuke... I can't believe you came back...



Star: A comrade...



Star: Your name is Rohan?



Josu: Hey, Rohan! Answer me! Where are you?



Josu: Rohan!



Josu: Th-That's...



Josu: R-Rohan?!



Star: Go on, Rohan... Ask him to save you.



Josu: What is that room?



JoJo-overlap,Star: Call out for help.



Josu: Are you all right?!



Star: I've left just a bit of your nutrients in you.



Star: If you ask him for help,  I'll spare your life.



Star: Because I'll take his nutrients instead.



Star: Now... Help me lure him into this room.



Star: I'll spare your life. Hurry up and call him.



Josu: What is this room?



It almost looks as if someone lives in it!



Star: Hurry up and say it.



Look! He's suspicious,  so he won't come any closer.



Star: It's not like you two love each other, is it?



Star: I told you to ask him for help.



Star: Do you want to die?



Roha: I-If I lure him in here...



If I offer him up instead,



Roha: w-will you really...



Roha: spare my life?



Star: Yeah, I promise.



It'll be a give-and-take in  exchange for his nutrients.



Star: Call him. Hurry up and call him!



Roha: I refuse.



Star: What?!



Roha: One of my absolute favorite things to do



Roha: is to tell someone who  I think is strong, "no."



Roha: Run, Josuke!



Roha: If you come into this room,  you have no chance!



You'll be k*lled!



Star: You!



Josu: Do you really think I'd run away



because someone told me to run away?



Josu: I'll kick his a*s.



Josu: Where is he?



Where's the villain hiding?



Roha: H—



How can you do this, Josuke Higashikata?



Roha: I even told you of the danger...



Roha: You always do the opposite  of what I think you'll do.



Roha: And that's why I hate you.



Rorha: That's why you piss me off!  You're going to be attacked!



Roha: Now he's got your scent!



Star: Yes! I got him!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Sign: Your body will fly  backwards at   km/h!



Roha: Josuke, Highway Go Go will  follow you anywhere at   km/h!



Rroha: Look for the user!



The only way for you to survive  is to defeat the user!



Star: Shut up already, you idiot!



Josu: Rohan!



Josu: Rohan Kishibe...



Josu: To think that you'd actually save me...



Josu: It's... It's unbelievable, but I'm moved!



Josu: All right, Rohan.



Josu: I just have to find that thing's user, right?



Josu: I just need to find the user and kick his a*s!



Josu: Wait for me, Rohan!