Shino: I met that boring man



Shino: when I was going to community college.



Sino: He went to a pretty upper-rank  college in the area,



Shino: and my friends were envious  because he was quiet and cool,



Shino: so I went out with him to feel superior.



Shin: We had a child.



Haya: I see. Because it's three times the  speed, the picture quality's...



Shino: Hey, Hayato. No "hello" for your mother?



Haya: Hi.



Shin: My husband's not a bad man.



Shin: It's not as if he drinks a lot,



Shin: and even though he doesn't earn much,



Shin: he always goes to work.



Kosaku_Kawajiri_,Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri Shinobu Hayato



Shin: But...



Shin: I'm a woman who married  without ever knowing love.



Shin: Hmph. He's home.



Shin: He only knows the words  "food," "bath," and "sleep."



Shin: That boring man...



Kos: I'm home.



Kos: Where's dinner?



Shin: Oh, you're home? I didn't even notice.



Shin: I was really busy today,  so that's all there is.



Shin: But it's your favorite, isn't it?



Sign: Ramen Land



Shin: Is he mad?



Shin: If you have the guts to  get mad, then get mad.



Shin: I'm sure you're just going to eat your  dinner silently as usual, though.



Kai: Good evening! This is Morioh Radio,



Kai: brought to you again today by your neighbor, Kai Harada.



Shin: What are you doing?



Kai: How's your evening going so far?



: Here's a perfect song to end the day...



Sign: Episode        Heart Father



Koi: Fifteen minutes by car from Morioh Station...



Koi: His house was in the villa and resort area.



Sign: Morioh Station



sign: Yoshikage Kira's House



Koi: Rather, it was Yoshikage Kira's house  when that was still who he was.



Kira,Sign: Kira



Koi: He has now gained a new face,  family registry, job,



and a different place to call home.



Koi: I'm sure he'll never try  to come near here again.



Oku: There aren't any corpses  in the fridge, are there?



Koi: But we had to search the place.



Koi: Because now that he's someone else,



Koi: the only clues we could possibly  find on him would be in this house.



Josu: Is that his album?



That totally looks like him.



Sign: Third Grade Summer Summer Camp  -  -    



Jojo: Yoshikage Kira...



Jojo: Born in Morioh Town on January   th,     .



Jojo: His height is     centimeters,  weight is    kilograms,



and his blood type is A.



Jojo: He was born to parents of advanced age.



Jojo: His father, Yoshihiro, died of illness when Yoshikage was   ,



Jojo: and his mother died of old age not long after.



Jojo: In     , he graduated from  D Academy's Department of Literature.



Jojo: That same year, he started working for  S City's Kame Yu department store.



Jojo: He transferred to the Morioh branch in     .



Jojo: No previous criminal record. No record  of getting married. No close friends.



Jojo: No girlfriend. No surgeries.



Jjo: It's impossible to find him using  fingerprints, teeth, or surgery scars.



Josu: That's all rather vague information.



Jjo: Look. These trophies and awards...



Sign: High School Music Recital Violin  rd Place Yoshikage Kira



Jojo: They're all third place.



Sign: Middle School Track Meet     Meter Hurdles  rd Place Yoshikage Kira



He definitely wasn't the school hero.



Sign: Award Grade School Writing Contest Overall  rd Place



Jojo: And it's hard to tell what he was good at.



Sports? Music? Writing?



Jojo: Even in this photo, he's positioned  so he doesn't stand out.



Jojo: No one envied him or ridiculed him...



Jojo: He's a man who doesn't show his  strengths or weaknesses to anyone.



Josu: Which means...



Jojo: Of course, all this was deliberate.



He was hiding his high intellect and abilities.



Jojo: He knew that was the best  way to stay out of trouble.



Jojo: I came here hoping we could possibly  find one of his hobbies, but...



Josu: Hobbies? Come to think of it,



he seems to have kept several jars in a drawer.



Josu: See?



Josu: It looks like some sort of scrapings in them.



Josu: And what are these numbers?



Josu: "    "... Maybe it's the year.



Josu: They have a faint smell.  What do you think they are?



Jojo: They appear to be nail clippings.



Josu: Huh?



Josu: Wh-Whose nails are they?!



Josu: Th-They couldn't be...



Jojo: No, they're his own nails.  They're not from his victims.



Jojo: He's kept very meticulous data in his notebook.



Josu: Data? You mean the numbers on the jars?



Josu: Does that mean he's been  collecting them since     ?



Jos: For the last fifteen years?



Pages: Thumb | Index Finger | Middle Finger | Ring Finger | Pinky



Josu: Gah! He recorded every  finger! He's so detailed!



Sign: {[Years that my nails grew more than   cm] Right Hand Measurements



Josu: Does this mean that in     , his thumbnail on



his right hand grew   .  centimeters?



Josu:      was the year Reimi Sugimoto was k*lled.



Jojo: The records begin in that year.



Jojo: He probably reached the point



where he couldn't contain his  murderous instincts any longer.



Josu: Whoa! He's got his toenail  lengths on the next page!



Jojo: I guess we've discovered the odd hobby



of a man who tried to convince  others that he was boring.



Jojo: Look.



Sign: Years that my nails grow more than    cm I'm on a roll!! No one can stop me.



Ojo: This data is fortune-telling.



Jewish merchants observe  the movement of sunspots



to determine how well  their businesses would do.



Jojo: It appears Yoshikage Kira  used the length of his nails



to determine the condition he was in...



Jojo: Whether he was in condition to k*ll, of course.



Josu:     !



As of June, they've already grown  more than    centimeters this year!



Josu: He's insane, that sick villain!



Jojo: But this isn't a clue we can use to track him.



There might be something else.



Josu: Does this mean someone  else is in this house?



Jojo: It would appear so.  Josuke, stay on your toes.



Josu: Does that mean he's working  with someone else?



Jojo: No... That's not possible.



Jojo: Crimes can be traced from  interactions with others.



Jojo: A partner could possibly rat him out.



Jojo: He's not the type to trust anyone.



Josu: This is...



Josu: Jotaro, look at that camera.



Jojo: I-It's his father... Kira's father!



Josu: He's in the picture, right behind us!



Josu: But...



Jos: This is not good. This is so not good.



Josu: Does that mean he's a ghost?



Jojo: Yeah. Considering the case of Reimi Sugimoto,



Jojo: it's possible that his father  also couldn't pass on



to the next world and is stuck  here as a soul's energy.



Jojo: Look at his expression.



Jojo: He looks like he wants us to get out.



Number_Withheld_,Sign: Number Withheld   Public



Josu: Are you trying to scare us  with your ghost energy?



Josu: But this is all the more reason we can't leave.



Oshi: Hurry up and answer the phone, you slowpoke!



Yosh: I'm making it ring!



Yosh: You think I look like I want you to leave?



Yosh: It's the opposite, you moron!



Yosh: My face is saying that I'm never  letting you leave this house!



Yosh: Anyone who goes after my son must die.



Josu: You! You know  about your son's crimes?



Oku: Hey, is something wrong?  What's all the racket?



Josu: Where are you hiding?



Get out here, you man ghost!



Koi: Ghost?!



Jojo: Josuke, he's not hiding.



Josu: Huh?



Jojo: It appears Kira's father has  been present from the start.



Jojo: Look.



Boom,Sign: Boom



Josu: Wha... When did he...



Jojo: He's moving around in the picture.



He's calling us from inside the picture.



Jojo: He probably threw the receiver  from within this picture, too.



Yosh: I'll k*ll you...



Yosh: I'll k*ll anyone who goes  after my precious son!



Koi: Josuke!



Koi: We can attack ghosts with our Stands!



Koi: Rohan-sensei used his Heaven's Door  to read Reimi's memories!



Josu: villain!



Josu: Take this!



Josu: What?!



Jojo: D-!



Any damage to the photograph  will come back to us!



Jojo: Hurry up and fix it, Josuke!



We're going to blow to pieces!



Koi: Josuke! Jotaro!



Yosh: That power... I see!



: You two have



the same kind of power that my son has!



Josu: Okuyasu, you're up!



Josu: Use The Hand to cut just  the old man out of the picture!



Oku: Gotcha! Leave it to me, Josuke!



Oku: Huh?



Josu: O-Okuyasu?



Oku: Wh-What the?!



Oku: Why did I run straight into the window?



koi: M-My hands are coming out  all the way over there!



Koi: I can't come past this point!



Josu: That's...



Josu: A-A wall!



There's a wall here that we can't see!



Josu: It won't break! I-It can't be!



Yosh: You finally figured it out?



That's the frame of the photo!



Yosh: It may look like you're in the  room, but you're actually not.



Yosh: I'm a ghost that lives within a photograph...



Yosh: I can control the dimension of  any photograph that I appear in.



Yosh: Because I can trap the energy of others'  souls in photos, using the camera!



Yosh: That is my power!



That room is inside the picture!



Yosh: If you damage the photo,  your soul's energy will be hurt,



and the damage will come  back to you, as well!



Oku: Inside the picture?  But it's right in front of me!



Yosh: If you're as foolish as you look,  you don't need to think about it too hard.



Yosh: After I k*ll these two, I'll trap  the two of you and slice you up!



Koi: J-Josuke! Jotaro!



Yosh: I'll k*ll you...



Josu: You! Stop, !



Josu: Jotaro, what are you doing?



Jos: Do something with your  invincible Star Platinum!



Jojo: Josuke... I'm giving up.



Josu: Huh?



Jojo: It appears impossible to stop  the old man's attacks.



Jojo: If all the damage is just  going to come back to us,



Jojo: then even if I stop time with Star Platinum,  we won't be able to do anything.



Jojo: When something's useless, I give up.



Josu: What did you say, Jotaro?



Josu: What are you talking about?!



Yosh: I'll k*ll you!



Yosh: Your heads went flying!



Jos: A-A knife...



Cray: What?!



Jos: I can't touch it! J-Jotaro!



Jojo: I've given up on stopping the man,



Jojo: but...



Yosh: Wha?



Jjo: If he controls any photograph he's in,



Jojo: then maybe all we have to do is take a  picture of him by himself, so he's alone.



Yosh: What?!



Yosh: To think you've evaded my attack... !



Jojo: Josuke, say something to him.



Something cool. Let him have it!



Josu: Y-You didn't scare me at all, you idiot!



The_Hand,Signtop: The



The_Hand,Signtop: The Ha



The_Hand,Signtop: The Han



The_Hand,Signtop: The Hand



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Oku



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu Niji



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Okuyasu Nijimura



Yosh:  you!



Yosh: You guys are clearly used to fighting.



Yosh: You must have fought against  people with the same kind



of power as my son many, many times!



Josu: He can get out, since he's a ghost.



Jojo: We need to make sure you  stay in there and keep quiet.



Jjo: There's something in this house that will  cause him a lot of trouble if we find it.



Jojo: That's why you attacked us.



Oku: I get it.



So if you fold him in half, there's no exit.



He can't run away.



Jjo: Okuyasu, Koichi, you two search this room.



We'll search the right side.



Yosh: I can't protect my son now! !



Yosh: If that falls into their hands...



Koi: Still, what thing that might cause  trouble for him should we look for?



Oku: I'm not thinking too much about it.



Oku: If Kira's old man there turns pale,  it's a good sign.



Yosh: I-I can't breathe...



Yosh: I-It's too cramped...  Please, just a little is fine.



Yosh: Just open the tiniest of holes  in the tape and let me breathe...



Koi: Y-You really can't breathe?



Oku: Hey, Koichi, he's just acting.



Oku: He's trying to get you to  open a hole so he can escape.



Yosh: Y-You may not believe me,  b-but I really can't breathe!



Koi: I'm claustrophobic, so I  understand how that feels...



Oku: Oh, quit whining. You want us  to open up a hole that bad?



Oku: Fine, then. I'll open up plenty for you...



Oku: With tacks, that is.



Yosh: Wh-What are you doing?!



Yosh: ! Let me out of here,  you stupid little brat!



Oku: Now you've shown your true colors.



I won't be removing those tacks.



Yosh: Tacks? I can't see, but I appear  to be on the post right now.



Yosh: I've got a great idea!



Yosh: Your tacks helped me come up with a trump card to get out of here!



Yosh: It's easy! It's all thanks to you!



Yosh: Well, see ya!



Josu: Wha...



Oku: Hey, ...



What was that sound? What did you do?



Oku: Say something, !



Koi: O-Okuyasu, this isn't good!  I think he might have run away!



Koi: Jotaro! H-He got away!



Oku: I-It's my fault. H-He used  the tacks and did something!



Yosh: You've been fooled, you moron!



Yosh: Looks like I've won the battle of wits.



Oku: What?!



Josu: Th-This is...



Josu: What's this doing here?



Josu: It can't be!



Josu: It's the bow and arrow...  But we retrieved them...



Josu: The bow and arrow should be in safekeeping  at the Speedwagon Foundation...



Josu: Is there another set?



Jojo: Josuke, be careful! Kira's father escaped!



Josu: What?!



Yosh: This arrow drew Deadly Queen out of Yoshikage!



Yosh: The arrow is the important part!



Yosh: I'll never let you have it!



Josu: R-Reverb, Koichi! Use Act   to go after it!



Koi: I-It's too far away!



Josu: Seriously?



The thing that Kira's father didn't want  us to find was the bow and arrow!



Oku: D-! It's all my fault!



Jojo: No, Okuyasu. He was just a stronger opponent.



Jojo: You can tell that Kira is definitely his son.



Jojo: We've lost to that family's determination



to never give up, and to survive, no matter what.



Yosh: As long as they don't get  this arrow, that's good enough.



Yosh: I'm going to use this to  make more enemies for you!



Jojo: The bow and arrow, huh... I see.



Jojo: I thought there might be more than one set.



Jojo: Now I know exactly how DIO and the others



were able to gather so many Stand  users in such a short amount of time.



Jojo: They created more of them around the world



with a number of those bows and arrows.



Jojo: I'm assuming Kira's father got this set  from an old woman named Enyaba,



Jojo: and eventually, Okuyasu's brother, Keicho,



also got hold of one, and came to this town.



Jojo: Because Stand users attract  other Stand users, apparently.



Yosh: Yoshikage, where are you right now?



Yosh: You never could help but k*ll women,  even when you were a boy.



Yosh: But if that's what brings you  happiness, I'll protect you.



Yosh: Because...



Yosh: You're my one and only son.



Kosaku_Kawajiri_,Sign: {Kosaku Kawajiri Shinobu Hayato



Shin: What's gotten into you?  You're actually cooking?



Shin: I-I mean, I didn't know you even knew how.



Shin: Two plates? This one's for me?



Shin: You're telling me to eat your cooking?



How stupid are you?



Shin: Hey! Cut your nails later!



Shin: And didn't you cut them last night?



They must grow fast...



Shin: Oh... Th-This is actually really good...



Heart_Father,Signtop: H



Heart_Father,Signtop: He



Heart_Father,Signtop: Hea



Heart_Father,Signtop: Hear



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart F



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fa



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fat



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fath



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Fathe



Heart_Father,Signtop: Heart Father



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshi



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro Ki



Okuyasu_Nijimura,Signbot: Yoshihiro Kira



Shin: Kitty!



Shin: Why?



Were you crying all night at the top of  that tree because you couldn't get in?



Shin: Hey! What gives you the right to  shut the window near the tree?!



Shin: I've told you day after day not to shut it!



Shin: What's wrong, kitty?  Why are you so worked up?



Kosa: Cats hate water.



Kosa: I'm sorry about that.  I shut the window without thinking.



Kosa: I won't do it again.



Shin: Something's wrong. He's changed somehow.



Shin: He started cooking out  of the blue last night,



Shin: and he's using an actual blade rather  than an electric razor to shave.



Shin: Blades always give him razor burn...



Guy: Hey, you haven't paid your  rent from last month.



Guy: It's now    ,    yen including this month's.



Guy: Pay up right now!



Koa: Rent?



Shin: You heard him. Hurry up and  bring it from the safe.



Kosa: Safe?



Shin: Hurry! You're the only one who  knows the combination to the safe!



Shin: Hey, what are you...



Kosa: Thank you for coming so  early in the morning, sir.



Kosa: But I seem to be a bit  short on cash right now.



Guy: Huh?



Guy: Quit screwing around!



Guy: You got in over your head when



you tried to rent my wonderful house  with your lousy income, you peon!



Guy: You need to learn to live within your means!



Shin: Um, we'll get it right away—



JoJo-overlap,Kosa: No. Please don't get the wrong idea.



Kosa: When I said I was a bit short, look.



I meant that I only had a  little over    ,    yen.



Kosa: I'll only be able to pay for this month,



last month, and the next  two months in advance.



Kosa: Will that suffice?



Guy: Y-Yes, that's plenty.



Guy: Thank you very much.



Guy: Pleasure doing business with you!



Shin: Y-You...



Shin: You must have stolen that  money from the landlord.



Shin: I don't know how you did it,



but you stole it from his bag, didn't you?



Shin: I'm sure in most cases,



people would fear him and  think that he's just a low-life...



Shin: But my husband's actions...  him stealing that...



Shin: For the first time,  after years of living with him,



Shin: I think he's so romantic...