Kira: Doing things that bring attention to myself...



Kia: That is what I, Yoshikage Kira, hate the most.



Kira: And to think that I'm experiencing this  humiliation in front of total strangers...



Kira: To think that the invincible auto-pilot  Heart Attack would get caught...



Kira: ... I have to undo this spell somehow...



Guy: Hey, mister. You okay?



Guy: You sick or something?



Guy: Want me to call your mommy?



Kira: It's nothing. Get lost.



Guy: Hey, hey, hey, did you hear that?



Guy: You seeing some sweet dreams during the  day after drinking too much, mister?



Guy: Is it fun? Does it feel good?



Grasp,Sfx: Grasp



Guy: That's a nice suit you've got on.



Guy: We've been fired and don't have any money.



We can't even get any es.



Guy: Seeing guys like you piss me off.



Guy: At least try to defend yourself.



Guy: Hey, mister. Your shoelaces are untied.



I'll tie them for you.



Guy: A square knot! That's super nice of you!



Guy: H-Hey, what's wrong?



Kira: Deadly Queen's first b*mb.



Kira: It turns anything it touches into a b*mb.



Guy: Th-The doctor! Call the doctor!



Kira: What a terrible day.



Guy: Get me a doctor!



Kira: I just want to live a quiet life,



and yet I had to deal with those  two pieces of trash today...



Oku: Hey, Josuke.



Oku: What the heck happened at Centipede Shoes?



Josu: I don't really know, but it wasn't good.



Josu: Hurry! It'll take about five minutes.



Koi: There are cracks in it.



That means the actual Stand's  been damaged, too, right?



ActPlease don't go too far away from me.



My range is five meters.



ActAct  's is five meters.



We have matured.



ActWe're even more powerful now.



ActIt can't be helped that my  range is shorter than Act  's.



Gravity,Black: Gravity



ActIf you move more than five meters from me,



Whte:   Meters



the weight on that thing will disappear.



ActIt'll stop struggling and regain its vigor,



and rush toward us like a dog in heat.



ActOn the other hand, the closer you get to it,



Actthe heavier I can make it.



ActWhat would you like to do?



Ki: N-No... This distance is plenty.



I hope Josuke gets here soon.



Kira: Apparently, a gym will be opening  near Budogaoka High School soon.



Kira: I was really considering  getting a membership.



Kira: I have to gain more stamina.



Kira: But I wonder if I'll be  lifting the same foolishbells



who've been playing with their dicks after not bathing for a week,



or getting in the same pool with them.



Kira: It took me three minutes to get here.



Kira: I felt my lack of stamina the most  when I tried to cross at the crosswalk.



Kira: By the way, who's going to show up here?



Kira: You called someone for help, didn't you?



Kira: Josuke Higashikata and Okuyasu  Nijimura live the closest.



Kira: It'll take them about five minutes,  so two minutes to go?



Kira: You're their friend, aren't you?



Koi: H-H...



Kia: Yukako Yamagishi and the woman



who runs Salon Cinderella are also  what you call Stand users, aren't they?



Kira: You wouldn't actually call  a lady for help, would you?



Koi: H-He's...



Kira: I left my jacket with the button behind.



Kira: I'll go get it later...



Kira: After I'm done with you.



Oi: H-He's... right in front of me!



Koi: This man...



Koi: The one who k*lled all those people  over all those years...



Koi: And Reimi and Shigechi...



Koi: Let him have it, Act  !



Dogyuun,Sfx: Dogyuun



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Koi: Why does he have two Stands?



Koi: I thought a user could only have one Stand!



Koi: Heart Attack is a tracer b*mb that was  launched from Deadly Queen's left hand.



Koi: That's why the damage  is only in my left hand.



Act: Warning, Sir Koichi.



You have just left my range of five meters.



Act: The b*mb Stand's weight will disappear.



Act: S-h-i-t. I'll have to attack  it with   Freeze again.



Kira: I see... Range, eh?



ActWho would you like me to hit?



The actual m*rder*r,  or that  b*mb Stand?



Act:   Freeze cannot make two  things heavy at once.



Koi: Even if we make the user heavier,



the b*mb Stand is on  auto-pilot, so it won't stop.



Koi: Even if we make the b*mb heavier,  the user will come after me.



Act: Which will it be?



Please hurry and give me orders.



Act: Which one are you going to attack?



Koi: S-Stop the b*mb!



Act:   Freeze!



Sign: Ker-bam-bam



Kira: It appears that, no matter who you attacked,  you were still fated to lose.



Kira: However, to think that Heart Attack,  which I thought had no weak points,



Ira: would be completely useless...



Kira: I had to pay some expenses at the café,



then ended up in a scuffle with some  hooligans. I feel like I've been had.



Kira: This is the first time



Kira: I've ever felt so cornered.



Kira: I even feel a slight sense of defeat.



Kira: Goodness. I must show you some respect.



You're rather impressive.



Kira: By the way, do you have any pocket tissues?



Kira: A handkerchief would work, too.



Kira: Hm? I've shown you some respect.



The least you can do is talk to me.



Koi: I don't... have any.



Ira: Then, here. Use mine.



Kira: A lot of blood is coming from your nose, right?



Kira: It's just so you can wipe that off.



Kira: I'm about to beat you to death.



Kira: I have a little over a minute  before your friends get here.



Kira: Otherwise, I just won't be satisfied after  having to face such humiliation in public.



Kira: Now, now, stop screaming  in such a weird way.



Kira: I endured the same pain you feel now



as I was heading over here, but I didn't scream.



Kira: You're a boy, aren't you?



Kira: You should take after me.



Kira: See? You need some tissues now, don't you?



Kira: I'll wipe it for you.



They say your brain slows down  when your nose is stuffed up.



Kira: But you know, I was on the ground  a little while ago, too, just like you.



Kira: I'll blow you away with  Deadly Queen in another minute.



Kira: Until then, you need to be like  me and just endure the pain.



Kira: You need to be like me!



Koi: Y-Your name...



Koi: is Yoshikage Kira...



Koi: Yoshikage Kira is your real name...



Kira: My driver's license!



Kira: When did you take it out of my wallet?



Kira: You little brat...



Koi: You said you paid some expenses  at the café earlier, right?



Koi: That's when I had an idea.



Kira: So what?



What do you gain from knowing my name?



Kira: You're about to be erased.



Koi: Yeah, you're about to k*ll me.



Koi: But even I was able to figure out your name.



Koi: You're not that big a deal.



Koi: You might get away for now,  but how do you feel?



Koi: A little brat like me managed  to find out what your name was.



Koi: I'll say it again.



A little brat found you out!



Koi: You're a complete idiot!



I'll be looking forward to  seeing you in the next world!



Kira: You!



Kira: ! What is this sense of defeat?!



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Re



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Rev



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Rever



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb A



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Ac



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Act



Reverb_Act_ ,Signtop: Reverb Act  



Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Ko



Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi



Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi Hiro



Koichi_Hirose,Signbot: Koichi Hirose



Kira: What an infuriating little brat.



I still have a minute before Josuke and Okuyasu show up.



Kira: And I was trying to beat the crap  out of him to calm myself down.



Kira: He's got his socks on inside-out.



Doesn't that bug him?



Kira: Ugh, it sure bugs me!



Josuu: Not that way, Okuyasu!



Oku: But Centipede Shoes is this way.



Josu: If we go this way, we'll get  there in a minute! Hurry up!



Kira: Wear them properly.



Kira: Now I can finally relax.



Kira: And now I can blow you to kingdom come!



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: The tip of this finger can  turn anything into a b*mb.



Kira: I guess, in your case, I'll make  your student badge a b*mb.



Kira: The first b*mb!



Jojo: Koichi, you were winning against  that man psychologically.



Kira: What?!



Kira: Well, this is a surprise.



I never thought you'd be able  to stand with those wounds...



Kira: However, you would have been much  better off if you had stayed down.



Kira: I can almost see the view behind  you through your wounds.



Jojo: That's a nice watch.



Jojo: But I'll break it so you can never  see the time on it again...



Jojo: By that, I mean I'll break your face.



Kira: You seem like quite an interesting fellow.



Kira: I'd love to learn your name,  as well as various other things,



Kira: but I must take my leave.



Kira: I only have twenty seconds left.



Kira: I don't have time for idle chit-chat.



Kira: Your Stand just now was very weak.



Kira: I was easily able to catch it, like a pop-up.



Kira: Do you really think you can defeat  my Deadly Queen with so little power?



Grasp,sfx: {\c&HEA    &}Smash



Kira: Wh—



Kira: H-He's fast...



Kira: Wh-What's with this speed?



Jojo: Upon closer inspection...  Good grief, what an ugly watch.



Jojo: But you won't have to worry  about that anymore...



Jojo: Because your face is going to end up



even uglier.



kira: What is this Stand?



kira: It's so fast, it's like it stopped time!



Jojo: Koichi, if it weren't for you,  I would have been dead.



Jojo: You did well fighting all by yourself.



Jojo: You have my respect, Koichi.



Jojo: You've matured.



Josu: Hey, Koichi!



Josu: Koichi!



Oku: Wh-What the heck happened here?



Jojsu: K-Koichi! Jotaro!



Josu: Be careful, Okuyasu.



Oku: What the heck happened?! Jotaro! Koichi!



Josu: Calm down. I need to find out  if Koichi is alive or not.



Josu: If he's alive, I can fix his  wounds with Shining Diamond.



Josu: Yes! Jotaro is alive! Just barely, though.



Ku: K-Koichi's alive, too.  But he's not breathing!



Oku: Hurry! Hurry up and fix him, Josuke!



Oku: Hey, he's not waking up at all!



Josu: But I've already fixed him up.



Kira: This is awful... Josuke and Okuyasu are here.



Josu: He's hurt really bad!



Jou: It's gonna take a while for  him to regain consciousness.



Kira: What a day... I've never had  such an awful day in my life.



Kira: I have always been able to  get through any dilemma...



Kira: I'm going to get away, no matter what.



Josu: What are you doing?



Ku: Hey, he's awake.



Josu: Hey, don't try anything funny.



Oku: Turn this way slowly. Show us your face!



Kira: Be careful! Don't go to Centipede Shoes!



Kira: There's going to be some crazy expl*si*n!



Kira: The owner just suddenly came flying out!



Kira: Those two, too!



Oku: An expl*si*n?



Josu: H-Hey, calm down. Were you caught in the blast?



Kira: I'm just an office employee.



Kira: But now I'm going to die...  Look at all this blood.



I-It hurts!



Josu: H-Hey, calm down. It's all right now.



Josu: I'll patch you up.



Josu: Where did you get hurt?



Kira: I think one of my ribs might  have punctured my lung.



Kira: H-Hurry up and fix me, please!



Josu: Hurry?



Josu: Oh? No matter how you look at me,  I just look like a high school student,



so why would you ask me to fix you?



Josu: I have trouble just getting  into pachinko parlors,



yet I look like some doctor who  graduated from med school to you?



Josu: You totally fell for it.



You saw my Shining Diamond, didn't you?



Kira: Crap... I got too impatient.



Josu: Which means you're the enemy.



Josu: This was a draw.



Oku: Th-This guy's the m*rder*r?!



Kira: I guess this means I've lost.



Ira: Yes, the one you're all looking for is me.



Kira: My face has been seen,  my Stand has been seen,



and my name has been discovered.



Kira: It appears I won't be able to  sleep peacefully anymore...



Kira: But only tonight!



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Josu: What are you doing?!



Kira: Exactly what it looks like. I cut it off.



Kira: I-It hurts... It's so painful,  and I'm bleeding a lot.



I'm even crying.



Kira: But winning or losing means nothing to me.



Kira: I'm going to survive.



I'm going to survive in peace.



Kira: I have to live with the fate of being  unable to fight the urge to k*ll people,



Kira: but I will live happily!



Kira: Heart Attack, you are free!



Kira: I leave the rest to you.



Kira: Protect me.



Josu: What is that wimpy-looking thing?



Jojo: Josuke, that's a b*mb Stand  that goes after body heat!



Jojo: And it won't break!



Jojo: It's going to explode in reaction  to your body temperature!



Oku: It won't break?



Josu: Break?



Josu: You've got it backwards. I fixed it.



Josu: If that guy left it behind...



Josu: This is a pretty gross idea, but that  hand is heading toward the m*rder*r.



Josu: Let's go after it!



Yeah!



Josu: You're not getting away that easily, foolishass!



Guy: H-Hey, look at that...



Kira: Now I'll be able to sleep peacefully...



Guy: K-Kira? Why is your face all bloody?



Kira: Hello, everyone. Is it  already time to head home?



Kira: I'm in a hurry, so I'll be seeing you.



Koi: The m*rder*r's name is Yoshikage Kira.



Koi: His address is Morioh Kotodai  -   .



Koi: He's    years old.



Koi: His Stand is a short-ranged  b*mb Stand, Deadly Queen!



Oku: Hey, where is that guy headed?



Josu: It doesn't matter where  he's headed. He's finished!



Josu: He's in this building.



Oku: Hey, wait... This is...



Oku: Salon Cinderella!



Josu: What's he doing here?!



Koi: A-Aya! Are you here?



Koi: Dr. Aya Tsuji!



Koi: A-Aya's...



Aya's...



Oku: What is this? What is this?!



Josu: He's dead... Why is Yoshikage Kira dead?



Koi: Aya!



Josu: Th-This is...



Oku: What happened?



Jojo: Wait! That man isn't Yoshikage Kira!  He has his left hand!



Josu: Huh?



Josu: He d-doesn't have a face!



Koi: What?!



Oku: He's missing his fingerprints on his  right hand, too. Who is this guy?



Aya: Guy...



Aya: He's wearing the same suit...



Aya: He brought in that guy,  and k*lled him in front of me.



Aya: He's too terrifying...



Aya: He made me switch his face using Cinderella.



Aya: And his hair and fingerprints, by force...



Josu: So he's someone else now?



Aya: Yes...



Aya: H-His face...



Josu: Shining Diamond!



Aya: H-His...



Jojo: Josuke, don't touch her! Get away from there!



Aya: His face...



Koi: Aya!



Jojo: On the other side of that door!



Josu: You're not getting away, !



Koi: Th-This is...



Oku: I-It's time for everyone to go home...



Oku: S-So many...



Josu: Wh-Which one is he?  Which one is Yoshikage Kira?!



Koi: Yoshikage Kira, you coward! Show yourself!



Jojo: He managed to get away.



Jojo: He's not going to be quivering, or hiding.



Jojo: He's not even going to leave Morioh.



Jojo: He's going to live his life in  this town, like he always has.



Nar: Aya Tsuji: dead.



Sign: Aya Tsuji: Dead



Yoshikage Kira Changes His Face, Name, and Address, Becoming a Different Person