Dad: Arrow, where are you headed?



Dad: We're going to shoot him, too?



Dad: That young man will be the  sixth new Stand user...



Dad: But that should be plenty.



Dad: I'll be able to k*ll anyone who tries  to get near my son, Yoshikage!



Dad: What?!



Guy: Ow.



Dad: Wh-What's the meaning of this?



Dad: The arrow chose him, but it was deflected.



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode         I'm an Alien



Guy: That's all the information  we were able to gather.



Sgn: Profile Yoshikage Kira



Guy: It appears he's done a good job of disposing  of all evidence of his crimes up to now.



Jojo: Yoshikage Kira...



What do you look like now,  and what is your name?



Jojo: Where are you?



Guy: Summer...



Guy: There are many more tourists around town now.



Jojo: Yeah...



Jojo: I doubt that he'll be able to stay put.



Jojo: I'm sure he won't be able  to resist making a move.



Radio: The summer season is finally upon us.



Radio: On July  st, the beach and rivers in  Morioh were opened to the public.



Radio: There are hordes of tourists  from the capital and S City,



: making the town even livelier.



Radio: Relaxing at a summer villa,  camping, fishing, yachting...



Radio: There are many fun activities  to find here this time of year!



Radi: How are you all going  to enjoy your summer?



Nar: Yes, many fun things...



Nar: I'm sure he has



Nar: many fun things to do, too.



Kira: People live while hiding what's  deep in their hearts from others.



Kira: But...



Kira: Is there anyone who has



been able to hide their true  self from others forever?



Kira: !



I want to show that woman  the true Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: I want her to hear how  I feel deep down inside...



Kira: That I want to take your  slender neck into these hands



Kira: and strangle you to death.



Kira: When my nails are growing,  I become unable to suppress my urges.



Kira: I just need to be patient until it subsides.



Kira: I'm still not able to perfectly mimic his handwriting.



Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri



Sign: Kosaku



Kiar: Josuke Higashikata... Jotaro Kujo...



Kira: It's because of them that I'm in this mess.



Shin: Um...



Shin: Uh... What... are you doing?



Shin: O-Of course. It should be obvious.



Shin: You were reading a book.



Shin: Um, I poured some tea for you.



Shin: I know you probably think that's rare,



Shin: b-but if you'd like some...



Shin: If you don't want it, that's fine, too...



Shin: Oh, look at the time.



Shin: I think I'll go to bed...



Kira: Open up your heart to that woman.



Kira: Show her your true self,



Kra: Yoshikage Kira.



Shin: D-Darling?



Kira: Crap. Opening up is a bad idea.



They'll find out.



Kira: I'm sorry I startled you.



Shin: H-He was trying to undo  the buttons in the back?



Shin: "I'm sorry I startled you"?



Shin: Not at all! All of your actions lately



Shin: have been exciting me to no end!



Shin: And they make me feel thrilled! I...



Shin: I've fallen



Shin: in love with you.



Oku: J-Josuke, l-look over there.



Josu: What the heck is—



Oku: Is this... Could this be...



Oku: T-Terri Funk—



Josu: It's a crop circle!



Oku: Yeah! A crop circle!



Oku: Th-That's amazing!



I can't believe one of these  showed up in a field in Morioh!



Josu: Something's not right, Okuyasu.



Josu: Take a closer look at the middle of that thing.



Josu: Something's really wrong here!



Ku: You're gonna go in?



Josu: We don't have a choice!



Oku: Be careful.



Josu: Yeah.



Oku: I-Is he alive?



Josu: He's got a scratch on the back of his neck,



but I think he's just unconscious.



Josu: Hey, wake up. Are you all right? Hey!



Oku: I've never seen him at our school.



Oku: Oh, looks like he's awake.



Miki: Where...



Miki: Where am I?



Oku: Where?



Oku: You're right in the middle of  a field in Budogaoka, Morioh.



Miki: Is this Earth?



Miki: Last night, I suddenly felt ill.



Miki: I then lost consciousness, it would seem.



Miki: It's past eight, so I was unconscious  for thirteen Earth hours.



Oku: He totally tried to pull one over us!



Josu: ! I can't believe you tried  to pull such an elaborate prank!



Josu: Man, you sure got me!



Josu: You're a really funny guy!



Josu: So you made a crop circle and waited



under the grass until someone came by?



Josu: Amazing! That's amazing!



Oku: I can't breathe! My stomach hurts!



medicine,: Stomach Medicine



Josu: That's so stupid!



Josu: What school do you go to?



JoJo-overlap,Miki: School?



Oku: We love guys like you!



Miki: My planet is in the Magellanic Clouds, but it has been destroyed.



Miki: I came to Earth to find out



Miki: if it's a suitable place to live,  and if the people are nice.



Josu: That's enough of that.  If you take the joke too far,



Josu: you're going to ruin your own brilliant idea.



Josu: Here, have a tissue.



Miki: Thank you. That was quite delicious.



Oku: W-We should really get to school.



Josu: Y-Yeah, you're right.



Josu: Let's go.



Oku: That guy ate the tissue.



Josu: He's a guy who takes jokes too far.



Oku: The ice cream shop's closed!



Oku: And it's our only comfort on Monday mornings...



Josu: It can't be helped.



Josu: Let's give up for today.



Miki: Would you like some ice cream?



Miki: Well? Do you want some?



Oku: Yeah, but the shop's closed,  so there's nothing we can do.



Miki: There's no reason for you to give up.



Miki: I just happen to have two.



Miki: We can call it a trade for the tissue earlier.



Miki: Earth seems like a very nice place to live.



Oku: It's cold...



Oku: Wh-Why did you have  ice cream cones in your bag?



Miki: Are those ice cream cones not good enough?



Oku: That's not what I'm asking!  Who are you?



Miki: I believe I told you that moments ago...



Miki: Ah! You want to hear me introduce myself?



It must have slipped my mind.



Miki: My name is Nu Mikitakazo Nshi.



Miki: I am     years old.



My occupation is a spaceship pilot.



Miki: My hobby is having pets.



Miki: I'm even currently carrying  a house mouse in my bag.



Miki: It is very happy when I pet its back.



Oku: This guy's a Stand user.  There's no doubt about it.



Oku: Let's kick his a*s, Josuke!



Josu: Calm down, Okuyasu.



Josu: Do you really think a Stand user



would say that he's from  the Magellanic Clouds?



Oku: Th-Then what is with him?



Oku: There, there, there.



Josu: I have no idea.



We're gonna have to investigate.



Don't eat that ice cream.



Oku: Huh?!



Oku: So you're    , you say?



Miki: Yes.



Oku: Hmm...



JoJo-overlap,Miki: Hmm...



Oku: And your occupation is a spaceship pilot?



Oku: Why do you keep copying me?



Josu: So, what?



Josu: Are you trying to say that you're an alien?



Miki: An alien!



Miki: An alien! Yes!



I should have used that word to begin with.



Miki: I'm an alien.



Oku: Hey, hey, hey, hey...



Josu: Then, like, your... flying saucer?



Josu: Could you call over your spaceship?



You can, right?



Mii: Of course.



Miki: But, sadly, as it is currently on standby  in space,  ,   ,    kilometers away,



Miki: it would take about three days.



Miki: I can't bring it immediately.



Josu: Are you going to call it  with that watch of yours?



Miki: Oh, how did you know?



Miki: But this is a secret between us.



Please don't tell anyone of this.



Oku: This guy is totally messed up in the head.



Oku: He wasn't joking earlier at all.



Oku: He's a delusional, crazy villain.



Oku: Should I punch him?



Josu: You always want to throw punches first.



Josu: Let's take it a bit further, just to be sure.



Josu: Do you have, like, a ray g*n and, like,



an ultra hyper anti-gravity  device in your bag?



Miki: Of course I do.



Miki: But I didn't come to Earth to fight,  so I left them in my spaceship.



Oku: Aw, come on. If you're an  alien, show us something.



Oku: And your blood wasn't even green.



Josu: Yeah. Alien blood is always green.



Miki: Do you two doubt me?



Josu: Hey, calm down.



Oku: You finally got it? You moron!



Oku: I don't mind going along with pranks,



Oku: but I don't have time to deal  with delusional freaks like you.



Josu: You didn't have to just come out and say that!



Oku: Shut up! It's better to be up-front!



Oku: What? Is there a fire somewhere?



Josu: Wh-What?



Miki: This sound... I don't like this sound.



Miki: This sound...



Miki: Stop this sound!



Miki: I don't like this sound!



Miki: I'm allergic to it!



Miki: Make it stop!



Oku: Josuke, this guy's dangerous!



Let's go. We shouldn't mess with him.



Josu: But don't you think



Josu: leaving him like that is a bit cruel?



Oku: He said he's allergic to that sound,  right? Just leave him be.



Oku: I'm leaving, Josuke.



Josu: H-Hey!



Josu:  it, Okuyasu.



Josu: H-Hey, you okay?



Miki: No... Please,



Miki: take me somewhere I can't hear this sound...



Josu: Wh-What?!



Miki: Please take me away!



Josu: A-Are you actually...



Miki: I have a power that allows  me to turn into anything.



Miki: H-Hurry... I feel like my head  will split open amidst this sound...



Miki: Please...



Miki: I'll turn into sneakers, so please,  wear them and take me with you!



Miki: In return, I'll do anything for you!



Josu: Are you a Stand user?!



Josu: Whoa! Y-You're super fast!



Miki: With your powers plus my powers,



our speed and jumping strength are doubled.



Josu: Are you seriously an alien?!



Sign: T



Sign: Te



Sign: Ter



Sign: Terr



Sign: Terra



Sign: Terra V



Sign: Terra Ve



Sign: Terra Ven



Sign: Terra Vent



Sign: Terra Ventu



Sign: Terra Ventus



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mi



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Miki



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Haze



Mikitaka_Hazekur,Sign: Mikitaka Hazekura



Josu: What?!



Josu: You...



Josu: You can't see this?



Josu: He can't see it!



Josu: He's not a Stand user.



Then what is this power?



Josu: Who are you?!



Miki: You're rather persistent, aren't you?



I told you earlier that I was an alien...



Josu: Hang on a sec.



Josu: L-Let me sort this out in my head.



Miki: Anyway, you saved me by  taking me away from that.



Mii: The people on my planet can't  stand the sound of sirens.



Miki: It's a wavelength that aggravates our nerves.



Miki: I'd like to do something for you  to thank you for saving me.



Miki: Shall I turn into a fan and fan you?



Miki: Or maybe a back scratcher  so I can scratch your back?



Josu: Whoa, it's not like I saved you because  I wanted something in return...



Josu: You'll really do anything?  Please! Do it! Thank you!



Shopping_Catalog,Sign: Shopping Catalog



Miki: What would you like me to do?



Josu: C-Can you turn into anything?



Josu: Like something light, or multiple  numbers of something?



Miki: Yes. I can turn into almost anything.



Miki: However, I cannot turn  into complicated machinery



or anything more powerful than me.



Josu: I see, I see. Got it. I like you!



Josu: So you're going to thank me, right?



Miki: Yes.



Josu: I-I...



Josu: just had a brilliant idea.



Josu: It's an idea that'll make everyone happy.



Miki: Happy?



Josu: Yeah!



Josu: See, I managed to make some  money from a lottery ticket,



Josu: but my mom found out and  froze the account I put it in.



Josu: Once she finds something like that,  there's no convincing her.



Josu: It sucks not having any  money for the summer season.



Sign: Shopping Catalog



Josu: And so...



Josu: Can you turn into this? This thing.



Miki: What is that?



Josu: They're dice!



Josu: I'll make some money using these,



then I'll split it with you,  and everyone will be happy!



Miki: What do you do with those?



Josu: Huh? You don't know what dice are?



Miki: I-I'm sorry...



Josu: You don't have to apologize.



Josu: It's really easy. I'll show you.



Josu: These are tools that people  who like games really love.



Josu: They're hard, and they have six sides.



Josu: This divot represents the number one,  and it has them from one through six.



Miki: Ah, yes. I think I'm starting to understand.



Miki: So when there are five divots,  it's the number five, right?



Josu: Well done, alien!



Miki: And three divots represent a three.



JoJo-overlap,Josu: Yes! Try turning into one.



Miki: Understood.



Miki: That was simple.



Josu: What are you talking about?  You're way too big.



Josu: You're only supposed to be about this big.



Also, you've got five on two sides.



Josu: The numbers on a die are from one through six.



Josu: The numbers on one side and its  opposite side should equal seven.



Miki: Oh, pardon me.



Miki: How about this?



Miki: Th-That tickles!



Josu: Hey, don't laugh. Dice don't talk.



Miki: Huh?



Josu: Come on.



Miki: I-I'll do my best.



Josu: I'm a bit nervous about this, but...



Josu: Yes, you're good! Very good! This is perfect!



Josu: I'm getting excited!



Josu: Rohan Kishibe, I hope you have  some money waiting for me!



Mki: I-I can't breathe...



Roha: Oh, look who it is.



Roha: What does Josuke Higashikata want with me?



Roha: This is a rare occurrence.



Roha: Did you get more information concerning Kira?



Josu: No, not exactly...



Josu: Um, well...



Josu: Are you done with work today?



Josu: I was wondering if I could have  a peek at your next chapter...



Roha: What are you plotting?



Just spit it out.



Josu: D-...



Josu: I can't hide anything from you, Rohan-sensei.



Josu: All right, I'll tell you the truth.



Josu: Please! Play Cee-lo with me!



Roha: Cee-lo?



Josu: To be perfectly honest,



Josu: I have no spending money for the summer.



Josu: Well, I have   ,    yen.  It's my life savings.



Josu: But...



Josu: Nowadays,   ,    yen is gone  after you make one or two trips



to an amusement park and get some food.



Josu: So all that's left is to make  more money, or go flat broke.



Josu: Wagering on the thrill!



Isn't that what youth is all about?



Josu: That's what I think! Don't you agree?!



Roha: Look, I'll be straight with you.  I've always disliked you.



Roah: So why should I have to play Cee-lo with you?



Josu: Yeah, you're right.



Josu: I'm sure you're not hurting for spending money,



Josu: so you have no reason to play.



JoJo-overlap,Roah: But... All right.



Josu: Huh?! You'll do it?



Roha: I don't dislike games, and this seems fun.



Roha: Come around to the back.



Josu: Thank you, Rohan-sensei.



Sign: The sh**ter rolls   dice into the bowl



Sign: This will result in paying double



Sign: This will result in winning double



Sign: The larger number wins (here, the  )



Roah: Do these rules work for you?



Josu: No arguments here.



Roha: Chips cost  ,    yen each.



Roha: And when you roll the  three dice into the bowl,



if even one spills out,  you lose then and there.



Josu: Got it.



Rha: All right. Let's tape the rules up here.



Josu: Okay, let's do this!



Roha: Wait.



Roha: We won't be using your dice.



Josu: Huh?!



Roah: We'll be playing with these  dice I had in the house.



Josu: U-Um, is there something wrong with my dice?



Roha: No idea. There's just something  that I don't like about them.



Roha: And...



Roha: I did say this seemed fun,  but I wasn't talking about Cee-lo.



Roha: I meant that it'd be fun taking  your   ,    yen from you.



Roha: When you lose, you'd better pay up for real.



Roha: It doesn't matter how well acquainted we are, Josuke-kun.



Josu: Yes! Those dice are the ones  that the alien turned into!



Josu: I snuck them into your house ahead of time!



Josu: I'm such a villain.



Josu: It won't be much, but I'll be making  some money off of you, Rohan-sensei.



Roha: Now, let's roll to see who goes first.



Roha: I rolled a four.



Josu: Yes!



Roha: All right, you go first. Go ahead and roll.



Miki: Ow!



Josu: O...



Josu: O-Ow! I accidentally hit the table.



Roha: Hurry up and bet and roll your dice.



Josu: R-Right...



Josu: I-I'll start off with two, I think,  so that'll be  ,    yen.



Roha: Okay, here's two.



Josu: If I roll a one, a two, and a three, I'll have to pay double,



Josu: so I really need to make sure  I don't get one, two, and three.



Josu: Better not get a one, two, and three!  Not a one, two, and three!



Josu: I-I'll go really lightly on the first roll.



Just to test the waters...



Josu: Here we go... Lightly.



Josu: How's that?!



Josu: Huh?!



Roha: What?



Josu: A-An omen...



Roha: What?



Nar: Triple sixes, AKA "omen."



Josuke wins five times what  he wagered from Rohan.



Josu: S-Stupid! You're not supposed  to start off with that!



Josu: E-Er, I mean...



Jsu: I meant that was some stupid luck!



Josu: A triple six, meaning you have  to pay five times my bet...



It almost seems like I'm cheating!



Roha: Hmph. It seems you've already earned    ,    yen in spending money.



Roha: Let's continue the game.



JoJo-overlap,Josu: I can't believe my luck myself...



It's my turn next.



Roha: I want to get back what I just lost, so I'm...



Roha: going with ten.



Josu: Ten?



Roah: All right! Go!



Nar: One, two, and three. The wager is doubled!



Sign: The sh**ter rolls   dice into the bowl



Sign: This will result in paying double



Nar: Rohan has to pay Josuke double what he wagered.



Josu: This is too much! This is way too much!



Josu: Does that alien not know  what "holding back" means?



Josu: Crap... He's totally suspicious of me!