Dad: The old woman in Egypt, Enyaba, told me



Dad: to shoot the arrow at those it desires.



Dad: They will become allies.



Dad: Those shot with the arrow



Dad: will be able to bring out just one special power hidden in their heats.



Dad: I believe she called them Stands.



Dad: Jotaro Kujo and the others...



Dad: If there are others in Morioh  who are after my Yoshikage,



Dad: then I need to make more  Stand users, more allies.



Dad: Now, arrow! Who do you want?



Dad: Choose! Choose them!



Pull,Sfx: Pull



Dad: A telephone pole?



Dad: How is the telephone pole relev—



Dad: Could it be... you want that child?



Dad: Are you saying that child will be my ally?



Dad: V-Very well.



Dad: I just have to shoot that child, right?



JoJo-MainTitle,: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode         Janken Boy Is Coming!



Joseph: Well, if it isn't the manga artist, Rohan Kishibe.



Roha: Good morning, Mr. Joestar.



Jose: What are you shooting here?



Roha: I was sneaking some photos of  businessmen heading to work.



Roha: If Yoshikage Kira switched places  with someone at Salon Cinderella,



Roha: he should be going to work every  day, just like that person did.



Jose: Going to work...



Oha: Knowing he's a man between  the ages of    and   



Roha: who's around     centimeters  tall and an office worker



narrows it down quite a bit.



Jose: I see...



Jose: But you can't be sure that he uses the station.



Jose: He might drive to work in a car.



Roha: That is possible.



Roha: But he only changed his face.



I don't think it's possible to change  completely into someone else.



Roha: I'm pretty sure that the family of  one of these men is already



starting to think he's acting bizarre.



Roha: What worries me is that,  if the family finds Kira out,



there's a possibility Kira will  get rid of that family.



Roha: I'm not trying to preach justice or anything,



but I just want to find  Kira before that happens.



Ken: Hey!



Ken: Mister, would you play janken with me?



Ken: Janken...



Ken: Hey, come on. It wouldn't  hurt to play, would it?



Roha: What's with this kid?



Ken: Janken...



Roha: There's always at least one  weirdo at any station.



Roha: Anyway, if you find any clues,  please let me know, Mr. Joestar.



Jose: And you make sure you don't meddle  in anything dangerous alone.



Ken: Hey, Mister. You're the  manga artist guy, right?



Ken: Didn't your series take a break not long ago?



Ken: I read Shonen Jump weekly.



Ken: So come on. It wouldn't  hurt to play janken with me.



Rohan: What's with you? Beat it!



Ken: I wanna play janken. Come on, please?



Roha: What's with this kid? He has a hole in his cheek!



Roha: I-It's deep.



JoJo-overlap,Ken: Hey, come on! Hey, hey!



Does it go all the way into his mouth?



Ken: No hard feelings if you lose.



Ken: If we tie, we play again.  If you shoot too late, you lose.



Ken: Got it? Ready, and...



Ken: Janken...



Roha: This brat is being oddly persistent.



Roha: Is he a Stand user?



Ken: Ready, and... Janken...



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: Hmph.



Roha: Let's see...



Roha: His name is Ken Oyanagi, and he's eleven.



Roha: There's nothing about a Stand written here...



Roha: And it says the hole in his cheek was  from falling off a telephone pole.



Sign: Loves "janken." Really wants to play "janken." Plays "scissors" first.



Roha: It looks like this kid really wants to play janken.



Roha: It's stupid, but...



Taxi: Hey, guys. Are you getting in or not?



Roha: Would you mind waiting about    seconds?



Ken: Here we go.



Roha: Yeah, all right. You just  want me to play, right?



Ken: Janken... hoi!



Roha: Well, see ya.



Ken: I... I lost...



Roha: I guess that's enough work for today.



Oku: Yo, Rohan-sensei.



Josu: Are you done with work already?



Why don't you sit down and chat for a bit?



Roha: It's Josuke, the idiot Okuyasu...



And the moody Yukako.



Roha: All people with whom I have  nothing to talk about.



Roha: Sorry, but I'm still working. Some other time.



Josu: I see...



Roha: Hey, what are you doing? That's my seat.



Ken: You haven't sat down yet, have you?



Ken: This seat was empty, so I sat down.



Ken: Whoops.



Roha: What's with you? Why do you keep bugging me?



Ken: Let's use janken to decide who gets the seat. Okay?



Roha: Again?!



Ken: No! I sat here first!



Ken: This seat belongs to me!



JoJo-overlap,Guy: Sir...



Roha: Hang on...



Oku: Rohan-sensei, just let him have it.



He's just a kid.



Josu: Don't make him cry.  That's pretty immature of you.



Yuka: Why don't you sit next to him?



Roha: Shut up! All of you, shut you mouths!



Roha: Fine! I'll play janken!



Roha: Janken's what you want, right?



Ken: That's the spirit! H-Here we go!



Ken: Janken... hoi!



Roha: Oh? Y-Yes, I won!



Roha: Take that!



I've never been so happy to  win at janken in my life.



Both: So immature...



Roha: No, winning against a brat  is the best feeling there is.



Ken: D-!



Roha: I can use this as reference material.



Who knew a book on such a minor  subject was being sold in Morioh?



Roha:  ,    yen, huh...



Roha: Do I have that much on me?



Ken: Excuse me, can I get this book?



Roha: Why, you little...



Ken: Wanna decide with janken?



Roha: Fine!



Ken: Here we go! Janken...



Rohan: Rock!



Roha: Stop messing around!



Ken: I won. See?



Ken: I finally won!



Ken: One win, two losses!



Roha: What is this?!



Roha: Wh—



Roha: What?!



Roha: I-Impossible! Th-The hole...



Roha: Could he be a Stand user?!



Roha: What?!



Ken: S-So cool!



Ken: I didn't know something  so cool would come out!



Ken: Beautiful and magnificent  energy is flowing into me!



Ken: I'm feeling better!



Roha: H-Heaven's Door!



Roha: Make this kid into a book!



Open,Sfx: Open



Sign: Cannot attack Rohan Kishibe.



Roha: This kid...



Roha: seemed to be bringing out his  own Stand for the first time.



Roha: Could he be on his way to becoming a Stand user?



Roha: Hmph. "I want to beat the crap  out of Rohan with janken," huh?



Roha: "Janken is not about probability.



Roha: It's all mental, dependent on  how much you want to win.



Roha: Beating Rohan at janken means  you've beaten him mentally.



Roha: Rohan Kishibe is only    years old,  and he's already facing the world alone.



Roha: Not to mention, he's awed  many people with his works.



Roha: If I beat the crap out of someone so widely  admired, it means I'd surpass them.



Roha: I want to grow up to be someone  people admire, just like Rohan."



Roha: So this kid really is on his way  to becoming a Stand user!



Roha: He must have only just been hit by the arrow.



Roha: "Ability... When I beat my opponent  in janken, their energy becomes mine.



Roha: However, we have to play five times.



Roha: If I don't win three times, I can't take all of it."



Play five times?



Sign: Cannot attack Rohan Kishibe.



Sign: attack Rohan Kishibe.



Sign: attack Rohan Kishibe.



Sign: Can attack Rohan Kishibe.



Roha: Wh-What?



Ken: That's so cool. So this  ability is called a "Stand"?



Ken: You may have thought you got away,



Ken: but I've already absorbed  one third of your Stand.



Roha: I-Its right arm is missing!



Ken: I can move one third of Heaven's Door!



Ken: I won't let you read my mind anymore.



Roha: You brat...



Ken: If I win two more times,  all of your ability will be mine!



Roha: You brat! Who do you think you are?!



Ken: You had some nerve to hit  me with your fist earlier.



Ken: That's payback, you moron!



Roha: It appears that in order to get  Heaven's Door's right arm back,



I'll have to win at janken...



Roha: Very well.



Ken: Good!



_Matches,Sign:   Matches



First_Match,Sign: Match  



Second_Match,Sign: Match  



Third_Match,Sign: Match  



Fourth_Match,Sign: Match  



Fifth_Match,Sign: Match  



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: He



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heav



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Do



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Doo



Heaven_s_Door,Signtop: Heaven's Door



Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Ro



Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan



Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan Kishi



Rohan_Kishibe,Signbot: Rohan Kishibe



Roha: Do you understand the situation you're in?



Roha: You can't lose again.



Roha: Do you understand that you're cornered?



Roha: Now that I know you're a Stand user,  I won't hold back anymore!



Roha: As soon as I get back my right arm,



Roha: I'm going to knock you out.



You know that, don't you?



Ken: Are you trying to pressure me?



Roha: All right, let's do this.



Ken: No, we're not doing that yet.



Ken: Since I just won using paper,



I would usually go with rock or scissors next,



Ken: but I think that might be childish.



Ken: But you don't seem that  simple-minded, Rohan-sensei,



Ken: so I was thinking about turning that around and going with paper.



Ken: All right, I've got it.



Ken: Here we go!



Ken: Janken... hoi!



Roha: What?!



Ken: I did it! I forced my hand against  Rohan mentally, and won with paper!



Rohan,Sign: Rohan



Ken,Sign: Ken



_Matches,Sign:   Matches



Ken: Now I've got two wins and two losses.



Ken: Now, then...



Ken: I took your lower half.



Ken: If you're tired, should we  head over to the bench?



Roha: No, there's no need.



Roha: When you win, it's best to be



Roha: looking down on your opponent just like this.



Ken: I've got two wins and two losses,



which means we're both on the edge.



Ken: But you know, I really don't feel  like I'm going to lose now.



Ken: After I lost twice at first,  I won twice in a row.



Ken: You're the opposite, Rohan-sensei.  You've lost twice in a row.



Ken: You're currently on the  downhill slope in this match!



Dad: This is amazing!



Dad: No wonder the arrow picked this kid!



Dad: If this kid is able to obtain  Rohan Kishibe's ability



to read minds, we'll be invincible!



Dad: It'll help out my Yoshikage.



Roha: You brat...



It seems you've gotten better  at pressuring your opponent.



Ken: It's the truth that you've lost twice in a row.



Roha: The truth, huh... Indeed.



Roha: In that case, let me give  you a dose of truth, as well.



Roha: In our next match, you will  definitely not use paper.



Ken: I'm not so sure about that.



Roha: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hold it.



Roha: I used rock twice in a row and lost.



Roha: Which means that rock is the  unluckiest choice for me.



Am I wrong?



Roha: It's only natural that I wouldn't be able  to use the unlucky rock a third time.



Roha: Since you said I was on a downhill slope,



you won't be able to use paper.



Roha: If you use paper, it's like admitting  that I am actually not going downhill.



Ken: I'll force my hand and beat you!



Ken: Let's go, Rohan Kishibe!



Ken: It's on!



Ken: Jan...



Rohan: ...ken...



Both: ...hoi!



Roha: After all that pressure, he still used paper.



His mental strength is remarkable.



Ken: There's no way I'll lose!



I definitely still have the  upper hand in this match!



Ken: I'll use paper four times in a row! I'm gonna force my hand!



Roha: All right! Rock! I'll get the  unlucky rock on my side!



Ken: One more...



Roha: Th-The strength in my knees...



Ken: What? He's using a different  form than before!



Ken: The only one Rohan hasn't  used yet is scissors...



Ken: Crap... Going with paper again is dangerous!



Ken: Crap!



Roha: I guess rock wasn't unlucky after all!



Dad:  that Rohan!



Dad: Th-That's...



Ken: Hey, Mister!



Ken: Hey, Rohan-sensei. Those two are  probably Stand users, too, right?



Ken: They are, right? I can feel it.



Ken: Let's test my luck.



If I'm out of luck,  those two will come over here.



Ken: If I'm protected by strong luck,  they definitely won't come over here.



Josu: Hey, that's Rohan.



Ken: Hey! Hey!



Josu: I really hate that guy.



Let's just smile and walk away.



Jose: Hmm... Well, hmm...



Menacing,Sfx: Menacing



Jose: That child...



Menacing,Sfx: Menacing



Jose: I do believe he's...



Jose: a fan of his.



Jose: See you later.



Josu: See ya.



Ken: It looks like strong luck is on my side, Rohan-sensei.



Ken: I feel like there's no way I can lose right now,



Ken: because I'm protected by strong luck!



Ken: Right now, I feel like I could  survive Russian roulette



with five out of six b*ll*ts in the chamber!



Crash,Sfx: Crash



Ken: It's a shower of glass!



Ken: Now, let's have our final match  to see who'll win, Rohan-sensei!



Ken: What are you doing?



Hurry up and get into your janken pose.



Roha: You're the one who needs to  hurry up and get started.



Roha: I'm going to go with this.



Ken: Stop messing around.



Roha: No, I'm dead serious.



Roha: You said you were going to surpass me,



but since I've lived nine years longer  than you, I'll let you in on something...



Roha: It's not very hard to make others lose.



Roha: The most difficult thing is...  Listen carefully, now...



Roha: The most difficult thing is



Roha: to surpass yourself!



Roha: I'm now going to surpass my own luck!



Ken: Let's go, Rohan!



Ken: It's on!



Ken: Janken hoi!



Ken: Yes! How's that, Rohan Kishibe?!



Ken: Wh-What?



Ken: What?!



JoJo-overlap,Dad: Huh?



Ken: Wh-What the?



Ken: Why is my hand shaped as rock?!



Roha: Now I have three wins and two losses.



Roha: You have the unlucky rock.



Roha: Strong luck came to me a moment ago,  along with Joseph Joestar.



Roha: The Invisible Baby.



Both: Huh?!



Will_save_Rohan_,Sign: Will save Rohan when he's in danger.  Will become invisible and make the kid's hand into "rock."



Both: You only relied on your strong  luck, and I changed my luck.



Roha: That's what it means to surpass yourself.



Boom_,Sfx: Boom



Roha: Now, then. I'm going to knock  you out now, as I promised.



Roha: I'll write,



Roha: "You'll never be able to win at janken again.



Your Stand will be destroyed."



Ken: Sh-Shut up!



Ken: Stay away from me, Rohan!



Ken: O-Otherwise, this baby's gonna...



Roha: Do you understand what you're doing?



Ken: Hmph! Right now, our match  is a verbal argument!



Ken: You haven't really won against me!



Ken: You won because you cheated, you coward!



Roha: Let the baby go.



Ken: Fight me one more time!



Then I won't do anything to this baby.



Roha: And I'm telling you to let the baby go.



Roha: I'll fight you.



Ken: I'll make you lose! Janken, hoi! Hoi! Hoi!



Ken: I-I-I can't win!



Dad: D-! I made you into a  Stand user and you still lost!



Dad: See ya!



Roha: You won't die.



I'm just going to destroy your Stand.



Ken: If...



Ken: If I have to obey what you write...



Ken: If I'm going to be mentally controlled by you...



Ken: I'd rather die like this!



Ken: Take that, Rohan Kishibe!



Pfft_,Sfx: Pfft



Roha: Nice. I like you, kid.



Roha: I feel moved when I see people who are...



Dash,Sfx: Dash



Roha: dramatic like you!



Ken: Wha?!



Ken: Y-You'll be run over, too!



Roha: You think so?



Dad: What the? Th-The wind!



Tax: Whoa, what is this picture?!



Taxi: I-I can't see in front of me!



Ken: I-It avoided us and drove by?



Ken: Y-You could have died, too,  but you did that for me...



Ken: Was it strong luck?



Roha: You've become quite impressive  in such a short time.



Roha: I won't knock you out.



Roha: However, don't use that  Stand for evil anymore.



Dad: I carelessly bumped into it, !



Ken: I lost. I've completely lost.



Jose: Hey, Rohan!



Jose: D-Did you see the baby?



Josu: She's missing, Sensei!



Jose: N-No, it might be that we just can't see her.



Roha: C-Crap...



She's gone.



Josu: Hey, where are you?



Roha: I'll just pretend I don't know  and look with them...



Roha: Wh-Where did you go? Where are you?



Nar: Janken Kid. Real name: Ken Oyanagi.



Roha: Hey!



Nar: Stand name: Boys Man Man.



Nar: Unable to fight.



Nar: For some reason, the hole  in his cheek is still there.