Josu: I swear I'll save you, so wait for me, Rohan!



Josu: So it learned my scent?



Josu: It's going to chase me forever,



JoJo-main: ,and as soon as it touches me, it'll suck out my nutrients?



Josu: Yes!



Josu: That thing can't go faster than km/h!



Josu: This bike'll have no problem beating that.



Josu: But how am I supposed to find the user?



Josu: I guess I'll sort out everything I know about him first.



Josu: First, why did he set up a trap inside the tunnel?



Josu: It would have been easier to ambush us from the roadside.



Josu: Second, I think there's more to his sucking out nutrients.



Josu: There's got to be a reason for that tunnel.



Josu: I've got to check out that tunnel!



JoJo-main: ,I need information about the Futatsumori Tunnel!



Josu: Koichi!



Josu: I need to call Koichi and have him use Reverb to find the user!



Mom: Now, now. What's the matter? There, there...



Josu: All right. There should be plenty of distance between us now.



Josu: Where's my card?



Josu: Y-You can't be serious!



Josu: Why'd it suddenly appear?



Josu: I ran away at km/h, and it was going km/h.



Josu: Even doing simple math,



JoJo-main: ,it should have taken another two minutes to get here.



Josu: That thing is a Stand.



Josu: It can appear and disappear freely...



Jsu: He managed to make it appear somewhere near where I am,



Josu: and now it's going to accurately



Josu: attack me by following my scent!



Josu: S-Sixty kilometers...



Josu: Wh-What?!



Josu: ! A baby carriage!



Mom: What's the matter with you? You're so fussy...



Josu: If I slow down, I'm gonna die.



Josu: Rohan will die, as well.



JoJo-main: ,Sorry, but I'm gonna have to ride through.



Josu: I have to just bust through!



Josu: But, Shining Diamond!



Josu: Fix.



Josu: Good!



Josu: I'll never be able to make a phone call like this!



Boss: Listen up, Yoshioka.



Boss: In one minute,



JoJo-announcertop: ,you will receive a very important call on your phone.



Boss: This is a deal worth one billion!



Boss: You'd better not mess this up!



Boss: I'm counting on you, Yoshioka!



Yoshi: Y-Yes, sir! Please leave it to me.



Josu: This is it! This cell phone!



Josu: It just happened to show up at the perfect time. Lucky me!



Yosh: I will do my absolute best!



Josu: Talk about a silver lining!



JoJo-overlap,Yosh: Hello?



Yoh: Huh?



Yosh: Gah! One billion yen!



Josu: Did that happen when I grabbed it?



Josu: My silver lining just broke!



Girl: If you hate me, just hang up on me!



Guy: H-How can you say that, Minayo?



Guy: Say it! Ask her to marry you!



Guy: Minayo, will you m-marry—



Jojo: Man, I think I might be lucky today.



Girl: Huh? What? What is it, Akira?



Jojo: Talk about good timing!



Koi: Hello, Hirose residence.



Josu: Koichi!



Josu: So that's what's happening.



Josu: If I don't find the user, I'm gonna get k*lled.



Josu: I think it's a guy who has some kind of



JoJo-announcer: ,obsession or grudge with that tunnel.



Josu: Are there any incidents involving that tunnel?



Koi: Th-There is. It's in the paper from two days ago.



Koi: I saw the news on TV, too.



Koi: Some thug on a motorcycle was driving drunk



JoJo-main: ,and crashed into the tunnel's entrance.



Koi: John Doe is unconscious and in critical condition with injuries all over his body.



JoJo-main: ,He's undergoing intensive care at Budogaoka Hospital now.



Josu: Sounds like he's a victim of the Stand, too.



JoJo-main: ,Anyone else?



Koi: W-Wait a sec.



JoJo-main: ,When I saw the scene of the accident on TV, there was blood all over.



Koi: Th-That Stand is one that sucks up nutrients, right?



Koi: This sounds like a different injury.



Koi: Isn't it possible that the John Doe



JoJo-main: ,who's in critical condition could be the Stand user?



Josu: He needs nutrients from other people to heal himself...



Josu: What? I-It's the ocean!



Josu: If I keep going straight, I'll be in trouble!



Josu: I need to turn somewhere, or I'm gonna plunge into the ocean!



Josu: That corner!



JoJo-main: ,I'll have to take it going more than km/h!



Koi: Hello? Josuke? What's wrong?



Josu: Koichi! Keep me on the line. Don't hang up!



Josu: Here I go, !



Josu: Crap! I might crash!



Josu: No.



Josu: I can do this right now.



Josu: I can make this turn. I will make this turn, !



Josu: Yes! I made the turn!



Josu: Did you see how I hung in there?! Take that!



Josu: Wh-What?!



Josu: The ocean's on this side, too!



Sign: No Entry



JoJo-main: ,It's Morioh Harbor!



Josu: Shining Diamond!



Josu: Now for the crumbled wall...



Josu: Fix it!



Josu: Th-That was close...



Josu: It was trying to head straight toward me,



JoJo-main: ,so it couldn't see this wall.



Josu: Like a mosquito that can't see a screen, it's following me by scent alone.



Josu: It doesn't have the ability to think or plan its attacks.



Josu: Its only goal is to take nutrients from me.



Josu: The theory that this guy's the critically injured patient makes sense.



Josu: Everything fits together.



Koi: Josuke!



Josu: Koichi, the hospital!



JoJo-main: ,That John Doe must be the Stand user!



Josu: Find out his name for me.



Koi: Got it.



Josu: But, man, this situation is heavy...



Josu: H-How am I supposed to get out of this?



Dad: How far did he go? That littleJosuke...



Dad: When this arrow wanted to pierce a motorcycle thug



JoJo-main: ,who was about to die after an accident,



Dad: I was wondering what the hell it was thinking, but...



JoJo-main: ,This is amazing! Just amazing!



Dad: Who would have thought he would create this amazing Highway Go Go?



Dad: A Stand ability is all about the user's mental strength!



Dad: The hungrier someone is, the stronger they are!



Dad: No one can defeat the power of a man so hungry to heal his own injuries.



Dad: But I really would have loved to see Josuke die!



Josu: What should I do? What should I do?



Josu: A culvert!



Josu: I'm glad I found a culvert that drains into the ocean,



Josu: but it just keeps getting closer and closer.



Josu: H-How am I going to get out of here?



Josu: Wh-Which way should I go?



Josu: Um... The ocean is behind me,



JoJo-main: ,which means it's also to my right.



Josu: The ocean is definitely bad news.



Josu: The left is the way I came from... I think.



Josu: Wh-Which way do I go now?



Josu: I think the left might be the ocean, but if I go to the right...



Josu: Th-There's the middle, too...



Josu: Wh-What's happening?



Josu: I'm pressing the gas, but the speed keeps dropping...



Josu: I-Is it breaking down?



Josu: Wh-What?! It's not broken?



Josu: Then why am I losing speed?



JoJo-main: ,I'm gonna stop!



Josu: I-It's coming!



Josu: Could it be...



Josu: Am I out of gas?



Josu: Man, don't scare me like that.



JoJo-main: ,I'm just out of gas...



Josu: Then there's no problem at all.



Josu: I thought it was some



JoJo-main: ,major malfunction that even Shining Diamond couldn't fix.



Josu: This isn't a problem.



Josu: There'll be no problem escaping this.



Josu: Still no problem.



Josu: I can fix this with no problem.



JoJo-main: ,And the motorcycle, too, of course.



Josu: I can't get too relaxed since that thing teleports,



Josu: but gasoline is not a problem.



Josu: But it seems



Josu: that I do have a problem after all...



Josu: I'm lost!



Josu: Wh-Which way is the hospital?



Signtop: H



Signtop: Hi



Signtop: Hig



Signtop: High



Signtop: Highw



Signtop: Highwa



Signtop: Highway



Signtop: Highway G



Signtop: Highway Go



Signtop: Highway Go G



Signtop: Highway Go Go



Sign: BudogaokaGeneral Hospital



Koi: Pardon me. I'm in a huge hurry.



Koi: I'd like to know which room the young man who caused



JoJo-main: ,the motorcycle accident at Futatsumori Tunnel is in.



Koi: What's his room number?



Ko: Please tell me!



Nurse: Now, listen...



Nurse: Can you not see what's written there?



Koi: Huh?



Sign: Visiting hours are over for the day



Nurse: If you need an eye exam,



JoJo-main: ,you can come in after : AM tomorrow.



Koi: Um, I'm not actually here to visit him.



Koi: But there's a reason I need to know his name!



Koi: Please, tell me!



Nurse: Didn't you hear me tell you to go home?



Nurse: Worthless brats like you are such a bother.



Nurse: You seem pretty short for a motorcycle g*ng member.



Nurse: Do your feet even reach the ground?



Nurse: Ah.



Koi: Act ...



Rev: Okay, Master! Let's k*ll da ho!



Rev: Beeetch!



Nurse: O-Oh, no!



Nure: That was close...



JoJo-main: ,These medicines costs , yen a bottle.



Nurse: Huh?



Nurse: They're heavy?!



Nurse: They're going to fall!



Nurse: Hey, you! Help me! Hold me up!



Koi: Um, by "Hey, you!" did you mean me?



Nurs: Yes! Who else is here?! This is really heavy!



Koi: Well, yeah, but still...



Koi: You did just tell me to go home.



Koi: Not to mention, I'm so short, I don't know if I can reach.



Koi: Are you going to get in trouble with your boss if those break?



Koi: Then you're going to be like, "Oh my gah!" Isn't it?



Nurse: All right, fine! I'll tell you!



Nurse: He's in room !



JoJo-main: ,Yuya Fungami is in .



Nurse: Take that elevator to the fifth floor!



Nurse: Huh?



Koi: Josuke!



Josu: Koichi...



Josu: Did you find out where he is, Koichi?



Koi: Room ! His name is Yuya Fungami!



JoJo-main: ,It's room !



Josu: Thanks, Koichi!



Koi: It's on the fifth floor! Hurry and get into the elevator!



Josu: Sh-..



Josu: I-It just keeps coming in!



Josu: Koichi! Reverb Act !



Josu: You really are a guy I can count on. Thanks, Koichi!



Koi: But  Freeze can only attack one place at a time.



Koi: The rest of them are following Josuke!



Josu: There it is! Room !



Josu: I'm finally here!



Josu: The vent!



Josu: You!



JoJo-main: ,It's only a few more meters to the room...



Josu: This distance is a pain!



JoJo-main: ,I'm just gonna cut through and kick your a*s!



Josu: !



JoJo-main: ,I'm going to get there, no matter what!



JoJo-main: ,I'm going to get there



Josu: and kick your a*s...



Ake: Who is that brat?



Yosh: This is Yu's room!



Rei: Don't mistake it for your own, you foolishass!



Yu: Don't worry about him.



Yu: You okay?



Yu: I thought it had been a while



JoJo-main: ,since I got nutrients from that first guy in the tunnel, but...



Yu: So you're the second one I've been chasing around, huh?



Yu: I'm surprised you really made it here.



JoJo-main: ,I'm a little shocked, actually.



Yosh: Yu, you know this guy?



Yu: Huh?



Yu: Nah, I don't know him, and I don't give a 



Yu: Great job, Highway Go Go.



Yu: I've healed up quite a bit.



Yu: If I can get nutrients from two or three more guys with abilities like his,



Yu: I'll be fully recovered.



Ake: Hey!



Yosh: We told you not to lay your lazy a*s down there!



Yu: And I just told you not to worry about him!



Yu: More importantly, come over here and give me some attention.



Yu: Little ol' me can't even move yet.



Yu: I really have to take a piss. My bladder's super full.



Rei: Ooh! That's my job!



Yosh: We promised we'd all take turns doing that!



Yosh: It's my turn this time!



Ake: What? No, it's me!



Yu: I don't care who it is.



JoJo-main: ,Just hurry up and bring the urine bottle and help me go.



Yosh: Okay!



Ake: Then I'll...



Yu: Hey, Akemi.



Yu: That peach is rotten.



JoJo-main: ,Peel a different one.



Ake: How can you tell it's rotten?



Yu: Why? Because it reeks.



Yu: It totally smells rotten.



Ake: From over there?



Yu: You've got a point.



JoJo-main: ,I think my nose suddenly got much more sensitive.



Ake: Oh, you're right... It really is rotten.



Yu: One of you three is on your period, right?



Yu: Am I wrong? Someone's on her period, right?



Girl: Huh?



Yu: Ha, so it's you, Yoshie!



Yu: Looks like I was right.



JoJo-main: ,And one of you is also really annoyed right now, huh?



Yu: When you get mad or excited, your body releases adrenaline,



Yu: and I can smell it.



Yu: What are you mad about? Is it you, Reiko?



Rei: Huh? I'm not mad.



Yosh: We're all really happy that you're feeling better, Yu.



Ake: Yeah, we're super happy!



Ake: There's no reason for any of us to be mad.



Yu: Hey, hey, something's not right.



Yu: It totally reeks of someone being annoyed.



Yu: Don't lie to me.



JoJo-main: ,Which one of you is mad?



Josu: It's me!



Josu: I'm the one who reeks of all that adrenaline!



Yu: Impossible!



JoJo-main: ,You should be completely dried up by now!



Yu: How are you standing?



Josu: That's because...



Yu: You were drinking my IV fluid?



Josu: It wasn't much, but I replenished myself.



Josu: Release Rohan, the guy you're holding c*ptive in the tunnel!



Yu: You fool!



JoJo-main: ,Highway Go Go still remembers your scent!



Girls: Yu!



Josu: You three, don't move!



Josu: My name is Josuke Higashikata.



Josu: My Stand's name is Shining Diamond.



Josu: Though its target range is small,



JoJo-main: ,it can throw punches faster thana ho-hum speed like km/h.



Josu: I've never actually measured it,



JoJo-main: ,but if it gets closer, it can go about km/h.



Yu: Hey, stop! Wait!



Yu: M-My spine is still broken.



JoJo-main: ,My arms and legs are still broken and I'm bedridden.



Yu: I'm critically injured!



Yu: And you're saying that you're going to hurt pitiful ol' me?



yu: All right, my bad. I'll free the guy in the tunnel.



Yu: I think he's still alive.



Yu: If you replenish his nutrients, I think he'll live...



Yu: S-So...



Yu: You wouldn't do something as cowardly as kicking



JoJo-main: ,an injured person's a*s, would you?



Yu: That's not something a man would do!



Girls: Yeah! That's cowardly!



Josu: Oh, I see.



JoJo-main: ,It's true that I probably wouldn't feel too great if



JoJo-main: ,I kicked an injured person's a*s.



Josu: It's definitely not manly, and it pains my heart.



Yu: Right? The guilt will stick with you forever if you kick my a*s.



Josu: I thought about that, so I already fixed you.



Yu: Huh?!



Yu: Eh?



Josu: Can you move?



JoJo-main: ,You can, right?



JoJo-main: ,Your wounds are all healed up, aren't they?



Yu: Th-They are...



Josu: Right.



Josu: I figured if I fixed you up first,



Josu: it wouldn't be cowardly at all, would it?



Nar: Yuya Fungami continues his hospital stay.



Nar: If he ever tries to use Highway Go Go again to try to heal himself,



Nar: Josuke threatens to kick his a*s over and over.



Josu: I feel so refreshed.



Josu: I feel like it's New Year's morning



JoJo-main: ,after I just put on a fresh pair of underwear.



Girl: Yu!



Nar: However, it's rather enviable that he gets to be nursed



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,back to health by his fangirls.



Nar: Meanwhile, Rohan...



Roha: Josuke Higashikata...



Josu: U-Um, look, Rohan-sensei,



Josu: a lot's happened, but I, uh...



Roha: Why did you heal me?



Josu: Huh?



Roha: You meddlesome brat.



Roha: I would have rather die than be saved by you.



Roha: Not to mention, you stepped into the enemy's trap after I told you to run.



Roha: How stupid can you be?



Josu: Wha—



Roha: Just so you know, I don't consider this a favor I need to return.



Nar: ...apparently still doesn't get along with Josuke.



Nar: Also...



Nar: After all this happened, Koichi Hirose took his dog for a walk.



Signtop: H



Signtop: Hi



Signtop: Hig



Signtop: High



Signtop: Highw



Signtop: Highwa



Signtop: Highway



Signtop: Highway G



Signtop: Highway Go



Signtop: Highway Go G



Signtop: Highway Go Go



Signbot: Yu



Signbot: Yuya



Signbot: Yuya Fun



Signbot: Yuya Fungami



Shino: Ah, that cat's a British Blue.



Shino: Where'd you come from, little kitty?