Kai: Good morning. This is Morioh Radio,



Kai: brought to you again today  by your neighbor, Kai Harada.



Kai: Our first song of the morning is this...



Kira: All right, let's eat.



Oh, yes. I have a present for you.



Lady: Mr. Kira... Um, Mr. Kira?



Lady: Mr. Kira, if you're not busy,  would you like to have lunch with us?



Kira: Sorry, but I'll have to pass.



Kira: I need to go deliver these documents.



Kira: Goodbye.



Guy: Give it up!



Guy: He never wants to hang out.



Guy: Whenever we invite him out somewhere,



I can't tell if he's really having fun or not.



Guy: Yoshikage Kira, age   , single.



Guy: He's serious about his work  and gets it done efficiently,



but the guy lacks any passion.



Guy: He's not a bad guy, but he just  doesn't stand out very much.



Kira: Hey, what are you so grumpy about?



Kira: The new girls at work just  invited me to lunch, that's all.



Kira: I promised that I'd have lunch with you,



Kira: so there's no way I'd go with them.



Kira: You heard me decline immediately, didn't you?



Kia: Have I ever left you alone? Hm?



Kira: Now, stop worrying about it,



and let's pick out some sandwiches together.



Katsu_Sandwich,Sign: Katsu Sandwich



Kira: Come on, which one do you want?



Kira: Isn't the bread wonderfully soft?



Kia: The sandwiches at this shop



use bread that's freshly baked at     AM, so they're really popular.



Kira: They're usually sold out by   PM.



Kira: You can feel how warm they are,  even through the wrapper.



Kira: The katsu in the katsu sandwiches  are freshly fried, too, and so crispy.



Kra: Oh, no.



You broke though the wrapper, and now the sauce is spilling out.



Kira: You naughty girl.



Kira: But now this sandwich has a hole in it,



so let's buy the one below it.



Pers: Thank you very much.



Kira: Morioh is such a beautiful town...



Kira: Could there possibly be  another town this wonderful?



Kira: It almost feels like we're on a picnic.



Kira: She's getting a bit ripe.



Kira: I guess it's about time to break up with her...



Kira: Time to sever ties.



Kira: "Sever ties"...



Kira: Maybe I'll go find a new girl, one who's on vacation or something.



Kira: Oh, it's just a dog.



Oku: Shigechi!



Shig: Oyo?



Shige: Josuke, Okuyasu!



Oku: Hey, perfect timing, Shigechi.



Josu: Sorry this is out of the blue,  but please lend us some lunch money.



Josu: We forgot to bring money.



Shige: Huh? What are you talking about?



You guys should have your  share from the lottery.



Oku: That money's in the bank.



It's a pain to have to get money  from the bank just for some lunch.



Oku: A thousand yen will cover both of us.



Josu: Yeah.



Oku: Come on, please?



We'll go to the bank right after school.



Josu: Hey, that bag... You've got a  sandwich from St. Gentlemen!



Josu: They actually weren't sold out?



Shige: You can't have this! This is my lunch.



Shige: Oh, fine. I'll lend you a thousand yen...



Oku: That's the spirit!



Josu: Thanks!



Shige: I'm gonna keep an IOU for this in my planner,



so don't skip out on me.



Oku: You're the one who skips out all the time!



Shige: Let's see... "June   th."



JoJo-overlap,Josu: Well, anyway, thanks again, Shigechi.



"Lent  ,    yen"... Lent?



JoJo-overlap,: Later!



Um, how do you write the  kanji for "lent" again?



Shige: Lent...



Sign: Lent



Shige: Well, whatever.



Shige: I'll just write it in hiragana.



I don't know how to write "Josuke"  or "Okuyasu" in kanji, anyway.



Shige: Huh?



Shige: M-My sandwich...



Wh-Where is it?



Shige: Oh, it's right there.



Shige: I feel like it's further away than  it was before, but whatever.



Kira: Th-That's...



Shige: Hey, Josuke, Okuyasu, wait!



Shiige: You need to put your  thumbprints on this IOU!



Your thumbprints!



Kira: What? That little brat!



He mistook my bag for his and took it?



Josu: Ah, what a pain.



How do we even put our thumbprints on it?



Oku: You know, you cut your thumb with a knife...



Shie: Y-You don't need to be so dramatic.



Fine, I'll just take your signatures.



Oku: Hey, let's hurry up and go to St. Gentlemen.  They're gonna sell out.



Kira: This isn't good. If he opens that bag...



Kira: She's wearing the ring I bought her.



Kira: And my fingerprints are on her...  With the police's investigative skills,



Kira: it'll just be a matter of time before  they trace the ring back to me.



Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, have never left a  single clue in the last fifteen years.



Kira: And I'm not going to let  that kid do that for me!



Okku: Josuke, let's hurry.



Josu: Yeah.



Shige: I'll be waiting outside.



Kira: What should I do?



I'll just have to take it from him.



Kira: The best thing to do is to  swipe it without him noticing.



Oku: Shigechi!



Okku: You're super lucky,  it.



Josu: The St. Gentlemen sandwiches  are already sold out! !



Shige: Oh, I see. So they sold out.



Shige: Well, that's too bad.



Shige: In that case, I guess I wouldn't mind  selling you mine for   ,    yen.



Oku: You're such a  cheapskate.



Oku: I guess we don't have a choice.  Let's go to Hokaben, Josuke.



Josu: Hokaben, huh?



The stuff we could get for      yen each with a drink



wouldn't really fill us up.



Josu: If we get school lunch as usual,  it'll be plenty, though.



Koichi said he was getting school lunch, too.



Oku: No way! He's with Yukako Yamagishi, isn't he?



Oku: Why do I have to eat lunch  with a happy couple?



Oku: Not to mention, with the lunches there,



the meat's only about a millimeter thick,



and who knows what that stuff  in the miso soup really is?



Shige: Hey, there are a lot of drinks in  the prep room in my school's gym.



Shige: The gym teacher always sneaks  coffee and tea from there.



Shire: All of the teachers are in the  faculty room during lunch,



so I sneak in through the window sometimes and take some.



Shige: Wanna just go buy lunch and come with me?



Josu: What the heck? Are you  stealing from the school?



Oku: That's pretty cheap.



We can at least buy our drinks.  I'm not that greedy.



See ya!



Shige: And I was trying to be nice...



Shige: See ya. Oh, and pay me back  my thousand yen tomorrow!



Shige: Oh, pardon me!



I wasn't watching where I was going.



Shige: Sorry about that.



Kira: Crap... It's good that he  parted ways with his friends,



but he's heading back to school.



Kira: He's planning to eat it at school...



What should I do?



Kira: They were calling him "Shigechi," right?



Kira: There's no doubt he'll open  that bag in a matter of minutes...



Kira: This is extremely bad.



Shige: Now, then... I should be able  to eat my lunch in peace here.



Shige: Whoops! I almost forgot!



Shige: Before I eat my sandwiches,  I need to brew my coffee.



Shige: Since I'm here, I'm gonna have  some coffee before I leave.



Kira: You're a lucky boy, Shigechi.



If you had seen what was inside,  I would've had to get rid of you.



Ooku: Hey, Josuke! This is it!



Oku: It's smaller than I thought...



Kira: Wh-What?



They just said they wouldn't come here!



Oku: Shigechi, you here?



Oku: Shigechi!



Shie: Oh, hey. It's Okuyasu and Josuke.



Josu: We decided we'd have some coffee after all.



Oku: Because we got the    -yen Makunouchi bentos!



Shige: Hmph. After calling me greedy and a thief...



Shige: You've got some nerve!



josu: Now, now, don't be so stubborn.



Josu: People tend to change the  way they think over time.



Kira: What should I do?



Eliminating one of them would  be easy, but not so with three.



Kra: ! And she's only a few  dozen centimeters away...



Josu: Hey, Shigechi, get me a drink, too.



Josu: I'd actually like Japanese tea instead of coffee.



Oku: Is there any black tea? Like milk tea?



Shige: Blech. Makunouchi with milk tea? That's gross.



Kira: ! He's planning to  eat his lunch up there.



Kira: At this rate, he's going to  open the bag in front of them!



Oku: Aw, it's soy sauce again.



Oku: The katsu here always come with soy sauce.



Josu: Huh? You're supposed to  eat katsu with soy sauce.



Oku: What?! You idiot!



You're supposed to eat  it with tonkatsu sauce!



Oku: If you used soy sauce, the tonkatsu  sauce would lose its namesake!



Josu: Who cares about that?



Kira: Yes!



Kira: Wh-What?



Kira: Crap!



Josu: What?



Sign: Morioh Landmark #  Bakery "St. Gentlemen"



How_to_get_there,Sign: How to get there: Get off of the bus  bound for Morioh Budogaoka High  School and walk two minutes. It's a  bakery on the Green Road leading  from the station. It's popular  because of the varieties of bread  made there using a stone oven.  Customers include students,  housewives, and office ladies.  Their most popular items are their  sandwiches, which always sell out.



Kira: Crap!



Josu: What?



Shige: Hey! What are you doing, Josuke?



Shige: Hey! You weren't trying to  steal my sandwich, were you?



Josu: No! Don't be stupid.



Josu: There was a weird sound  that got my attention,



so I was just taking a look.



Shige: Don't you dare touch it!



There's no way you would just look at it!



Shige: I know you're going to say,



"Their teriyaki chicken sandwich is my  favorite, Shigechi. Give me a bite!"



Josu: You sure are a greedy little guy.



You got my tea yet? Where's my tea?



Oku: Don't forget, I want milk tea.



Shige: I'm just about to make them.



Kira: Now!



Kira: I did it.



Shige: Here you go.



I brought your Japanese tea and milk tea.



Oku: Sweet.



Josu: Thanks!



Oku: What's with you?



Shige: Wh-Where did you put m-my sandwich?



Oku: Huh? Oh...



Josu: Looks like it's gone.



But we don't know what  happened to it, right, Okuyasu?



Oku: Yeah.



Shige: Stop messing around!



How could you not know?  You're the only ones here!



Josu: No, we seriously have no idea!



Oku: Seriously, we're not messing around.



Oku: No joke, we really have no idea.



Shige: Y-You jerks... I-I'm really gonna get mad!



Josu: We're telling the truth!



Oku: You really need to stop.



Why would we take your sandwich—



Shig: We'll find out the truth soon enough!



Shige: I just need my Harvest to check the room!



Oku: You're such a pest! Yeah, go ahead!



Do it! Look as much as you want.



Oku: We wouldn't steal your stupid sandwich.



Kira: What? I can't see what  they're doing from in here.



Kira: What is that brat trying to do?



Guy: Hey!



Guy: I know someone's in the prep room!



Shige: That's the gym teacher!



Josu: Let's get out of here, Shigechi!



Shige: B-But my sandwich!



Josu: Now's not the time for that!



Teach: Hey, come back here!



Teach:  you, little brats.



Teach: I thought it was strange  that my tea and coffee



kept disappearing so fast. No wonder.



Teach: I need to be more careful about locking the door.



Kira: That was rather messy,



but I got through this hard situation,  and was able to get her back.



Kira: I always have to wonder if  I'm protected by luck...



Kira: And if I do things with careful  consideration and in a bold manner,



Kira: I have a feeling that I can  live a pretty happy life.



Kira: That was close.



Kira: I'm so glad you came back to me.



Shige: Found it!



Shige: Why does someone I don't  know have my sandwich?



Shige: Why is an adult that I don't know  sneaking around my middle school?



Kira: Could it be that you're  talking to me, little boy?



Kira: I have no idea what you're talking about.



Kira: This is my sandwich.



I just bought it at St. Gentlemen.



Shige: No, that bag is mine!



Shige: There are reasons why I know!



Shige: They're reasons you  wouldn't understand, though.



Shige: Take it back, Harvest!



Kira: Wh-What? What's going on?  The bag is being pulled...



Shige: Wh-Wha?! Wh-What... My sandwich...



Shige: Is this... a r-r-real human hand?



Kira: Oh, dear. It seems you've seen it.



Kira: It also appears, little boy,  that you have the same power I do.



Shige: You can see my Harvest?



Shige: H-Hey, what's this hand?



Why are you walking around  with just a hand in a bag?



Kira: Are you by yourself? You two friends...



I believe you called them Josuke and Okuyasu?



Kira: Do they have a power similar to yours?



Shige: Hey! Don't move!



Shige: If you move even a bit, I'm gonna attack!



Shige: You're a really creepy guy!  Don't come any closer to me!



Shige: I get a really creepy,  unfamiliar feeling from you!



Shige: Don't move! Don't move from there!



Kira: My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm    years old.



My house is in the northeast section  of Morioh, where all the villas are,



and I am not married.



Kira: I work as an employee for the  Kame Yu department stores,



and I get home every day  by   PM at the latest.



Kira: I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink.



I'm in bed by    PM,



and make sure I get eight hours  of sleep, no matter what.



Kira: After having a glass of warm milk



and doing about twenty minutes of  stretches before going to bed,



I usually have no problems  sleeping until morning.



Kira: Just like a baby, I wake up without  any fatigue or stress in the morning.



Kira: I was told there were no  issues at my last checkup.



Shige: Wh-What are you talking about?!



Kira: I'm trying to explain that I'm a person  who wishes to live a very quiet life.



Kira: I take care not to trouble myself



with any enemies, like winning and losing,



that would cause me to lose sleep at night.



Kira: That is how I deal with society,



Kira: and I know that is what brings me happiness.



Kira: Although, if I were to fight,  I wouldn't lose to anyone.



Kira: Basically, Shigechi,



Kira: you are a troublesome thing  that would hinder my sleep,



therefore my enemy.



Shige: Th-That's...



Kira: Deadly Queen... is what I've named it.



Kira: I'm going to eliminate you now  before you have a chance to speak,



Kira: so I can sleep soundly again tonight.