Kira: Hm...



Kira: Deadly Queen... is what I've named it.



Kira: I'm going to eliminate you now,



Kira: so I can sleep soundly again tonight.



Shige: I warned you not to move!



Shig: Don't underestimate Harvest!



Kira: There are this many?



Not only that, but crushing three  or four did no damage, either.



Shig: If you move any more,



I'll cut that something-or-other  artery in your neck!



Shig: Oh, yeah! It's the one called the "carotid"!



Shig: I'm gonna cut it! My Harvest is invincible!



Shig: And it looks like your Stand



Shig: is the type that has power,  but can't go very far.



Shig: Looks like its range is about  one to two meters, right?



Shig: If you want to die, go ahead and try to move.



Kira: I see... So individual users have  their own unique powers?



Kira: Stand? Hmm... Stand, eh?



Kira: By the way, my Deadly Queen  also has a special power...



Shig: He has something... Grab it!



Shig: What? It's just a    -yen coin.



What were you planning to do with this?



Kira: Well, I thought I'd show you my  Deadly Queen's special power,



Kira: seeing as how you're already  as good as done for.



Kira: Deadly Queen's special power



Ira: is that it can turn anything  it touches into a b*mb.



Kira: Anything...



Kira: Even a    -yen coin.



Shig: Throw away that    -yen coin, Harvest!



Kira: Now I can relax and sleep well tonight.



Girl: Did you know there's a salon  that'll grant you love?



Girlb: Huh? Seriously? That's hilarious.



Girl: It's true! I hear it worked for  someone in the high school!



Kira: Looks like one blast didn't k*ll him...



Shig: Wh-What happened to me? What...



Shi: What the...



Shig: What the heck happened?!



Kira: I told you.



My Deadly Queen can turn  anything it touches into a b*mb.



Kira: I turned this    -yen coin into a b*mb.



Kira: I can push the switch whenever I want,



and my opponent is blown  to bits from the inside out.



Kira: Though in your case, Shigechi,



Kira: half of your face blew into your head,



Kira: and about a third of your brain got  mixed in with the flesh of your face.



Kira: Before I deal one more blow  to you, I just remembered



Kira: there's something that I  want to confirm with you.



Kira: You called this power a "Stand."



Kira: That Josuke and Okuyasu also  have Stand powers, don't they?



Shig: H-Help me...



Ira: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.



Kira: You must die.



I can't leave witnesses alive.



Kra: No one is allowed to know the true  identity of one Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: But you see, I'd like to  know about Stand users.



Kira: I'm sure I'd be able to find out



with some research, but I'd  like to ask you personally.



Kira: Josuke, Okuyasu...



Who are the others?



Kira: How many more are in this town?



Kira: What are their powers?



Shig: I-I don't know...



Ira: I'm certain you must know.



Listen, if you don't tell me...



Kira: I will eliminate your parents, too.



Shig: Wha...



What?



Shig: M-My mama and papa?



Kira: Hurry up and tell me.



If you do, nothing will happen to them.



Kira: If you take too long,  someone might show up here.



Kira: Just names will do. Come on, hurry it up.



Shig: E-Everyone was saying they were  looking for a m*rder*r in this town!



Shig: A m*rder*r... They meant you!



Sshig: You k*lled Reimi Sugimoto, too!



Kira: What? Reimi Sugimoto?!



Kkra: You're still able to use your Stand?



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: That brat...



Kira: He was so torn-up, too.



shig: I-I'm... gonna go to Josuke...



shig: Josuke's Shining Diamond...



shig: can fix me...



shig: I'm... going to protect Mama and Papa...



shi: I'm gonna protect Mama and Papa from him!



Shig: That nasty, filthy guy



Shig: can't live in the same town as Mama and Papa!



High School Ahead No middle school students beyond this point —Middle School Principal



Shig: I have to go...



Shig: to Josuke...



Girl: Oh, sorry.



Girl: Are you okay?



Shig: I have to go...



Girl: You don't look so good.



Girl: He's from the middle school.



Girl: Th-There's something wrong with him.



Girl: We should get a teacher...



Girl: No, just leave him alone. He's creepy.



Girl: Let's go.



Shig: J-Josuke!



Shig: J-Josuke!



kira: You said everyone was looking for me?



Kira: Do you mean there's someone in this town



who knows about Reimi Sugimoto's m*rder?



Kira: But no one will be able to pursue me...



Kira: No one knows the identity of Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: As long as you are out of the picture...



Shig: I'm gonna protect my Mama and Papa...



Kira: Deadly Queen has already  touched the doorknob.



Shig: Josuke!



Kira: This is Deadly Queen's power.



Kira: He's been eliminated without a trace.



Josu: Did someone call my name just now?



Ok: Yeah, I heard it, too.



Oku: H-Hey, Josuke, look!



Hrv: I... found... you!



Josu: Sh-Shigechi?!



Oku: Shigechi!



Oku: S-Something's not right, Josuke!



Oku: Harvest was gushing blood  when it disappeared.



That's not a normal way  for a Stand to disappear!



Oku: Why did just one of them  show up in front of us?



Josu: Let's go to the middle school.



We have to find Shigechi!



Kira: Oh, dear. Where did that fall off?



Kira: Well, I guess I can't help it now.



Kira: I hope my usual tailor  has the same button...



Reei: How horrible...



Rei: It happened again. It's him again...



Rei: Another soul k*lled by him is flying away...



Rei: He must have encountered him.



Josu: Shigechi...



Rei: There's no doubt about it.



This boy is dead.



Rei: Shigekiyo encountered him,  and was k*lled by him.



Re: I can tell.



Rei: Though I don't know why he encountered him,



Rei: or how he was k*lled.



Rei: But it was definitely him.



Rei: I can tell it was him because he k*lled me.



Josu: I looked for Shigechi everywhere,  but couldn't find him.



Josu: He disappeared within just five minutes



after Okuyasu and I separated from him.



Josu: Shigechi's books and school  supplies were all left behind,



Josu: and his parents have  requested a police search.



Josu: That probably means...



Koi: Y-You're saying... The culprit is a Stand user?



Josu: You guys probably don't  know much about Shigechi,



Josu: but I can't imagine there's anyone  who can beat Shigechi's Harvest.



Josu: This guy k*lled Shigechi within five minutes,



and managed to hide his body  somewhere within the school.



Jose: Jotaro, now that it's clear  we're dealing with a Stand user,



we'll have to help out, as well.



Jojo: Josuke.



Jojoj: I heard you picked up a button.



Josu: Yeah... One of the Harvests brought it to me.



Josu: This is it.



Jojo: This is Shigechi's final message.



Jojoj: It could be that Harvest ripped it off of  the m*rder*r's clothes and brought it to you.



Jojo: Let me hold on to this button.



I'll do some research.



Josu: Y-You can locate the guy with the kind  of button you could find anywhere?



Jojo: It's possible.



Jojoj: We might be able to figure out the brand  of the clothes and where it came from.



Koi: I see...



Oku: I-If we're done talking, I'm gonna go home.



Oku: I-I'm kind of in a weird mood.



Oku: I-I'm really annoyed...



Oku: Let's go home, Dad.



Koi: There's something wrong with Okuyasu.



Josu: Yeah... Shigechi was a greedy,  irritating little punk,



Jos: but he was the type you  just couldn't leave alone.



Josu: We can't believe he's gone.



Josu: Not to mention, he must feel  annoyed because he can't tell



if he should be angry or sad right now.



Josu: We both feel that way.



Josu: I'm sure Okuyasu feels it far more.



Oku:  it...



Yuka: It appears something awful has  happened outside my notice.



Toni: I'm going to warn all the customers  who come to my restaurant.



Aya: Phew... I don't think he'll come  to my place, but just in case...



Haza: Stand users eventually attract  other Stand users...



Haza: Though I never want to meet that guy.



Roha: So now everyone's going to take action, huh?



Kira: Oh?



Kira: That was Josuke just now...



Kira: And Okuyasu was there, too.



Girl: Hey, listen to this.



Girl: Last Friday was my birthday, right?



Girl: The guy I'm seeing gave me this  super lame ring as a present.



Girl: Look at it! Why would I want this thing?



Girl: Though I still put on an act like,  "Oh, my gosh! I'm so happy!"



Girl: I was dating him because  his dad owns some land,



but he's a total bumpkin.



Girl: This really is a kiddie ring. How much was it?



Girl: Probably around    ,    yen.



Girl: I'm gonna go pawn it off for some money.



Girl: It doesn't compliment my  beautiful fingers at all.



Kira: That woman's heart is ugly,



but her hands and face are beautiful...



Kira: If she comes to me, she can  date me with a cleansed soul.



Irl: Oh, I have to go. See you later.



Gil: Okay, bye-bye!



Kira: I'm afraid we'll have to part ways now.



Let's keep this farewell clean.



Shigekiyo_Yangu_,Sign: Shigekiyo Yangu: Deceased  {\b \fs  }Stand: Harvest



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: De



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Dead



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Qu



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Que



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Quee



Deadly_Queen,Signtop: Deadly Queen



Signbot: Yoshi



Signbot: Yoshikage



Signbot: Yoshikage Ki



Signbot: Yoshikage Kira



Kai: Good morning. This is Morioh Radio,



Kai: brought to you again today  by your neighbor, Kai Harada.



Kai: How is the beginning of the  new week treating you so far?



Kai: Already, there are only three days left in June.



Kira: Now, let's eat.



Kai: And once it's July...  That's right, it's vacation season.



Kira: Oh, yes.



I've got several errands to run today,



Kai: What plans do you all have?



so I'd like you to stay home.



Kai: I can't wait.



Kai: And now, the perfect song for this sunny day



Kira: Let's eat dinner together when I get back.



Kai: in the middle of the rainy season. Here you go.



Girl: Thank goodness they still  had the Parisian special.



Girl: Talk about lucky!



JoJo-overlap,Girl: Let's hurry up and go to Yohee Lake.



Girl: Wait, Asuka's not here yet.



Girl: What? What's taking her so long?



Koi: It's been four days since Shigechi's incident...



Koi: Nothing has really happened since, but...



Koi: There's no doubt that there's a  k*ller somewhere in this town.



Koi: Honestly, anyone can look suspicious,



Koi: yet anyone can also look  completely innocent.



Koi: Ah... H-Hello, Jotaro.



Koi: Um, did you find anything out since last time?



Koi: Like, about the m*rder*r's button, or...



Jojo: No, not really.



There's nothing yet.



Koi: I-I see...



Koi: Um, where are you going?



Jojo: Nowhere, really.



Jojo: Just over there.



Koi: Ah...



Koi: Oh, man... He doesn't really talk, so it's  hard to have a conversation with him.



Koi: Rohan-sensei is scary because he's so  overbearing, but Jotaro's silence is scary, too.



Koi: Isn't there something  we can talk about? Um...



Koi: That's a very lovely coat!



Mukadeya_Shoes_,Sign: Centipede Shoes



Jojo: This store appears to be a shoe store.



Koi: Huh? Oh! Yes, it's a shoe store.



Koi: Is there something wrong?



Sign: We also do simple tailoring



Koi: It's a shoe store, but they also do things



on the side, like fixing waist measurements  on skirts and hemming pants.



Koi: There's also an electronics  shop that sells flowers.



Koi: Is there something wrong?



Jojo: I heard about all of the  tailors around Morioh,



but I didn't think to ask about places like this.



Old: Something wrong with this button?



Jojo: No, if you haven't seen it  before, don't worry about it.



Jojo: I just couldn't remember what  it was originally attached to.



Old: Little boy, would you  like an animal cr*cker?



Animal_Crackers,Sign: Animal Crackers



Old: I always eat the camel last,  so you can have any of the others.



Koi: No, thank you.



Old: Oh, okay.



Old: But not only have I seen that button before,



Old: but look, I just finished repairing  the suit it came off of.



Old: A customer came in yesterday,



Old: asking me to put on the exact same button.



Old: See? It's the exact same button.



Koi: Jotaro!



Jojo: Good grief. We found it, Koichi.



Old: Found it?



Koi: Oh, n-nothing...



Koi: M-More importantly, what did  the customer look like?



Do you know his name?



Old: His name?



Old: Well, of course I do. What do you take me for?



Old: I remember all of my customers' names.



Old: That's how you're supposed  to treat customers,



Old: even if you have hundreds or thousands!



Jojo: Really?



Koi: Yes! That's amazing!  Could you tell us his name?



Old: Anyway, the jacket has an order tag on it.



Old: Of course I remember it...  Even out of hundreds.



Ld: But I figure it might be faster to look.



Old: Let's see...



Kira,Sign: Kira



Old: The last name is... How do you read this?



Old: I think it's...



Koi: Wh-What is it? M-May I see it?



Old: Um... Um...



Hear: Look over here.



Old: Wh-What the?! My hand!



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: J-Jotaro! L-Look!



Jojo: Watch out, Koichi! Don't go any closer!



Hear: Hey, I told you to look over here.



Jojo: Is that his Stand?!



Koi: J-Jotaro!



Koi: H-He's here! He's taking the jacket!



Kira: To think someone would actually investigate  the button that fell off my jacket...



Kira: Did they see my name?



Kira: Why do things like this keep  happening to me lately?



Jojo: Good grief.



Who would've thought he'd  come to get his suit now?



Kkira: But I will make them disappear



with Deadly Queen's second b*mb.



Kira: Just like that brat Shigechi...



Koi: It's still moving!



The jacket is evidence!



Jojo: Wait!



Jojo: Don't run after it without thinking.



Jojo: The way that jacket is being  pulled is suspicious.



Jojo: Something about that Stand...



Jojo: is dangerous!