Hear: Look over here.



Koi: J-Jotaro! L-Look!



Jojo: Watch out, Koichi! Don't go any closer!



Hear: Hey, I told you to look over here.



Jojo: Is that his Stand?!



Koi: J-Jotaro!



Koi: H-He's here! He's taking the jacket!



Jojo: Good grief.



Jojo: Who would've thought he'd  come to get his suit now?



Koi: The jacket is evidence!



jojo: Wait!



Jjo: Don't run after it without thinking.



Jojo: Something about that Stand...



Jojo: is dangerous!



JoJo-MainTitle,: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle ,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode       Heart Attack, Part  



Centipede_Shoes,Sig: Centipede Shoes



Koi: It's a b*mb... It's a b*mb Stand!



Koi: So this is how it got Shigechi?



Koi: That's why we couldn't find him,  no matter where we looked.



Koi: He's... He's getting away!



Jojo: Don't go after him, Koichi.



Koi: Huh? Don't go after him?



Koi: What are you saying?



Koi: If we go after him,



we'll get to see the face of the person  who k*lled Reimi and Shigechi!



Jojo: We need to cautiously  observe and act, Koichi.



Oi: Wh-What are you talking about?



Jojo: We just happened to miss the  name tag on that jacket.



Jojo: But considering how big the jacket was,



we can tell that the guy's  about     centimeters tall.



Jojo: He's an office employee, and not married.



Jojo: If he had a wife,



he wouldn't have brought his  jacket here for a button repair.



Jojo: He's between the ages of    and   ,  and he looks pretty rich.



Jojo: Judging from the material and design,  that jacket was a high-end brand.



Jojo: Even if we don't follow him now,



we've significantly narrowed  down who it might be.



Koi: I-I see...



W-Wait! That doesn't mean we shouldn't go after him!



He's a m*rder*r!



Jojo: It's not that I don't want to  pursue him, but we can't.



Because that b*mb Stand  is somewhere over there.



Koi: Huh?! The Stand?



Koi: Y-You saw it?



Jojo: I didn't see it, but it must be there.



Slowly walk outside through the door.



Koi: It "must be"? Hang on.



How can you know it must  be there if you can't see it?



Jojo: If he were the kind of guy to leave right  after getting rid of the shop owner,



Ojo: then he never could've kept getting  away with k*lling for fifteen years.



Jojo: He's someone who gets rid of all evidence.



Jojo: Which means he plans to get rid of us.



Koi: Hold on a sec... Aren't you being too cautious?



Koi: If the Stand isn't here,



the m*rder*r must be far away  with that jacket by now.



Jojo: Listen up, Koichi.



Observing doesn't simply mean to look. It means to look carefully.



Look,Sign: Look



Carefully



Jojo: It doesn't mean to just  listen, but to listen well.



Listen,Sign: Listen



Sign: Listen  Well



Jojo: Otherwise,



Jojo: we're going to die.



Koi: H-He's sounding high-and-mighty,  but my Reverb isn't useless.



It's matured a lot, so isn't  Jotaro underestimating me a bit?



Koi: I wonder if the b*mb Stand  is really still around.



If it's not, we're gonna look really stupid!



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: I-It's really here!



Koi: I-If I keep touching it, it'll explode!



Jojo: Star Platinum!



Jojo: After all those hits I landed...  This thing's pretty hard.



Koi: It's going to explode!



Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!



Jojo: I hate doing anything that's tiring,  so I'm going to destroy you now.



Koi: Y-Yes! You must have stopped time.



Koi: Now no matter how much we  touch it, it won't explode!



Kira: I will make sure the people searching for me



Kira: die in an expl*si*n.



Kira: My Deadly Queen's Heart Attack  always gets its prey, no matter what.



Koi: I-Impossible! It wasn't destroyed  by Star Platinum's power!



Koi: A-A Stand that's this hard... Impossible!



Jojo: Stay back, Koichi.



Koi: It's still perfectly fine!  It hasn't slowed down at all!



Jojo: Get back, Koichi!



Koi: Y-You've hit it so much that you're hurt,



but it hasn't sustained any damage!



Jojo: Get further back, Koichi!



Hear: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.



Koi: What are you doing?!



It'll explode if you're touching it!  Let it go, quickly!



Hear: Look over here.



Jojo: Good grief. I've never met  such a sturdy Stand.



Jojo: I think my confidence is going to break first.



Koi: J-Jotaro, at this rate,  it's going to blow us up!



Jojo: You need to get further away.



This time, I'm going to take it apart for sure.



Koi: I-I'd like to say something.



Koi: A Stand controlled from far away



doesn't move with that much power.



Koi: But that thing's power and expl*sive attacks...



Koi: The power behind those explosions wouldn't  be possible if the user wasn't nearby.



Koi: The user should be within fifteen...  no, ten meters of here!



Jojo: And?



Koi: "And"?! It's ten meters!



My Reverb has a range of fifty meters!



It can find the culprit!



Jojo: I told you, Koichi. Don't go after him.



Jojo: You just need to think about protecting  yourself with your Reverb.



Jojo: Don't do anything else.



Koi: Wh-Why?!



Jojo: The culprit is no longer nearby.



This is a remotely controlled Stand.



Jojo: I've had many encounters with  various Stands, so I know.



Heae: Look over here.



Jojo: Its actions are too simple for it  to be controlled from nearby.



Koi: You know from experience?



That's not logical at all!



Koi: There's no way a Stand that powerful  can be controlled from far away.



Koi: The user has to be close by!



Koi: So Jotaro really is underestimating me.



Koi: I've grown, too!



I can find the culprit and defeat him, too!



Koi: Distance, ten meters.



Koi: H-He's there! That's him! He has the jacket!



Koi: But something's weird...  H-He's too far away.



Koi: He's more than fifty meters away...



Koi: And he's only getting further away.



He's outside Reverb's range!



Koi: Th-The b*mb Stand is being  controlled from far away?



That's impossible!



Koi: Having that power and being  that far away is inconceivable!



Hea: Look over here!



Koi: Wh-What? It's heading toward me?!



Jojo: I figured it out.



That Stand goes after things  with higher temperatures first.



Jojo: That's why it's so powerful,  despite being controlled from far away.



Jojo: Bring out Reverb and protect yourself!



Even if I stop time, you're too far away!



Koi: C-Crap!



Koi: Reverb is...



Koi: fifty meters away, where the culprit is!



Koi: I'm sorry!



Jojo: Good grief.



Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!



Jojo: The reason this thing attacked  the shop owner first



was because he had a hot drink.



Jojo: And it targeted Koichi because



his body temperature rose from being so worked up.



Jojo: If there's something hotter,  it should go toward that.



Jojo: Time has begun to move again.



Jojo: I was right.



It goes after things with the  highest temperature first.



Koi: I'm saved...



Jojo: But if body temperature is  enough to make it explode,



Jojo: then when it's near fire...



Jojo: This power...



Koi: Huh?!



Koi: Jotaro!



Heart_Attack,Signtop: H



Heart_Attack,Signtop: He



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Hea



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Hear



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart A



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart Att



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart Atta



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart Attac



Heart_Attack,Signtop: Heart Attack



Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshi



Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage



Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage Ki



Yoshikage_Kira,Signbot: Yoshikage Kira



Koi: How could this happen? This is all my fault, Jotaro!



Koi: This happened because I went after the culprit.



Koi: If he hadn't caused the fire for my  sake, it wouldn't have gotten him!



Koi: Wake up, Jotaro!



Koi: Jotaro! Jotaro!



Hear: That expl*si*n wasn't a human!



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: It's going to deal the final blow!



Koi: It's too strong!



Koi: It's just like Jotaro said!



It'll attack something that's hotter  than body temperature first.



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: I have to take this chance to run!



I want to call Josuke.



Koi: He'll fix Jotaro!



Koi: I have to call him!



Koi: This is... the kitchen!



Koi: There's plenty of heat here!



Koi: I need to buy some time  and run out that door.



Koi: There's a phone!



Koi: W-Wait a sec! It's not a gas stove!



Why does this house have an electric stove?!



Koi: It's going to take some time to warm up!



The oven's electric, too!



Koi: Wh-What should I...



Koi: I know! There should be some hot water.



Koi: Go over there!



Koi: It's empty!



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: Wait. If I observe carefully, like Jotaro said...



This thing has a weakness!



Koi: A weakness I didn't notice earlier!



Koi: And I'm starting to get annoyed.



Koi: Why do I have to regretfully run away



in fear from a m*rder*r, like,  "Please, God, save me"?



Koi: Shouldn't it be the other way around?



Koi: Why do I have to think that I'd rather



be looking for a public restroom while



I have diarrhea if I could only get  out of this situation safely?



Koi: Isn't something wrong?



Koi: The one who should be  running away in fear...



Koi: is you, m*rder*r!



Koi: It always attacks based on temperature...



Koi: But that's exactly what your weakness is!



Koi: The fact that you never give up  on that is your weakness!



Kira: It's been almost three minutes.



I don't know what's going  on at that shoe store,



Kira: but there's one thing I can say with  more faith than anything in this world.



Kira: Heart Attack has no weaknesses.



Kira: It'll track down its target, no matter what.



Koi: Now, then... Since that's over with,  I have to call Josuke on the phone.



Koi: He should be home now...



Sizzle,Sign: Sizzle



Koi: Now that thing's lost track of us.



Koi: Keep chasing after the word "sizzle" forever...



Koi: Just like a donkey chasing after a  carrot hanging in front of its face.



Koi: That's what your weakness is.



Josu: Hello, Higashikata residence.



Koi: Josuke, this is Koichi! There's trouble!



Koi: Jotaro is hurt bad, and it's my fault.  Please hurry and get here!



Josu: What?! Don't say that so suddenly!



: I don't get what you're talking about!



Koi: Just hurry up and get over here.  It finally happened!



Koi: We encountered the m*rder*r!



Koi: I've captured his Stand here.



Josu: What did you capture?!



Say it so I can understand! Where are you?



Koi: Wh-What's happening?



Koi: Ow, hot! I turned it off, but now  it's getting hotter and hotter.



Koi: What's with this piece of crap?



Koi: How can you cook anything good with this?!



Josu: Hey! I'm asking you where you are, Koichi!



Hear: Look over here.



Ki: Crap! It's ignoring the  letters and coming this way!



Josu: Koichi, where are you?  Hurry up and tell me, you foolishass!



Koi: I'm at Centipede Shoes! Hurry!



Koi: Crap, Reverb's tail letters also...



Koi: Reverb's tail letters got destroyed!



The damage...



Hea: That expl*si*n wasn't a human.



Hea: Look over here.



Koi: A-Again! It's coming after me again.



Koi: But I can't use the tail letters anymore.



Koi: Wh-What am I going to do?



How can I fight it?



Koi: Reverb Act  !



Koi: What's wrong, Reverb Act  ?!



Koi: Act  !



Koi: Where are you, Act  ?!  Why won't you come?!



Koi: Act   was k*lled in the expl*si*n!



Koi: It's split in two!



Koi: N-No, wait...



Koi: If the expl*si*n k*lled it, I'd be  dead too, because I'm the user.



Koi: N-Now I remember! It looked  like Reverb died once before, too.



Koi: A-And then...



Koi: C-Could it be...



Boooom,Sign: Boooom



Koi: Reverb Act  !



Koi: Um, is that who you are, sir?



ActPlease give me orders.



Koi: D-Does this mean I've grown?!



Koi: You're amazing, Act  !



ActPlease give me orders.



Koi: Er, I don't know what your  powers are, so... F-For now...



Koi: Please protect us, Act  !



Koi: Um, protect us, please.  You can do that, right?



ActUnderstood.



Koi: This air pressure!



Koi: Th-This Stand has incredible speed!



Koi: It has way more speed than Act   and Act  !



Snap,Sfx: Snap



ActSpecial move: Reverb Act   Freeze!



Kerbam_Bam,Sfx: Kerbam Bam



Kerbam_Bam,Sfx: Kerbam Bam



Boooom,Sfx: Crash



Koi: H-Hey, Act  ?!



ActIt's too strong. I can't.



Koi: You can't?!



ActThis enemy has a seriously heavy power.



ActS-H-I-T.



ActI pushed, but I lost.



Koi: You pushed and lost? You can't be serious!



Koi: I'm telling you to protect us!



ActI have finished protecting us,



Actjust like you ordered.



Hear: Look over here.



Koi: You finished?! In what way?!



Koi: You're completely useless!  We haven't grown at all!



Hea: Look over he—



Koi: Wh-What?



Kira: This is taking far too long.



Kira: Why is Heart Attack taking so long?



Kira: Wh-What's going on? My left hand just...



Kira: My left hand that released  Heart Attack just suddenly...



Waitor: Sir, what's wrong? Are you all right?



Kira: Oh, it's nothing.  Allow me to pay for the cup.



Kira: I'll be leaving, so can I get my check?



Kira: Th-This is...



Kir: M-My left hand... is heavy!



Wait: S-Sir?



Kira: I-Impossible! My left hand! My left hand...



Kira: It feels like there's a     or    kilogram weight on it.



Kira: What's going on over there?



Wait: Sir, are you all right?



JoJo-overlap,Kira: D-Don't mind me.



Wait: Please, allow me to give you a hand.



Kira: It's heavy!



Wait: What are you doing, sir? How could you?



Koi: It's sunken into the pavement  and having a hard time moving...



Koi: Act  ! What did you do? This power...



Act:   Freeze!



ActI've rhymed "three" and "free."



Koi: Act  , what is this power?



Why is it moving slower? Tell me.



ActThere's really nothing to explain about it.



Kira: It's heavy...



For whatever reason,  Heart Attack has gotten heavy.



Kira: This isn't good. I need to retrieve it.



Kia: I have to go retrieve Heart Attack myself.