Kira: All of Kosaku Kawajiri's shoes are a bit big for my own feet.



Kira: I need to switch them with



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,shoes that fit me, before they start to suspect something.



Kosa: Hayato.



Kosa: Aren't you going to say goodbye?



Kosa: Have a good day.



Shin: Darling!



Shin: Something terrifying happened in the basement!



Shin: It was so scary! I thought I was going to die!



Shin: It might have been scary,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but it gave me an excuse to dive into the arms



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,of the one I love so much.



Shin: Like that, and that, and that!



Shin: You see... There's a cat I've neverseen before in the basement!



Kosa: A cat?



Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: Episode      Cats Love Yoshikage Kira



Shin: So the reason it was really scary...



Shin: I went down to the basement



JoJo-main: ,because I ran out of mineral water.



Shin: And you know how much I love cats, right?



Shin: So I was like, "Oh, it's a British Blue."



Shin: It had perfect proportions,



JoJo-main: ,and golden eyes contrasting with its velvet-like, blue-gray fur.



Shin: Where did you come in from?



JoJo-flashback: ,You cute little kitty...



Shin: Oh, dear. It's being defensive.



Shin: It must have come in from there.



Shin: But I can't let it stay down here forever.



Shin: It might pee on the potato sack it's sitting on,



JoJo-flashbackinternal: ,and it might even have fleas.



Shin: It's okay to get closer if you don't make eye contact, right?



Shin: Oh, right. I just need to let it know that I'm not its enemy.



Shin: See? My belly's up, which means I'm being submissive.



Shin: Let's be friends.



Shin: Why am I trying to humor a cat?



Shin: If you don't get out of here, I'll hit you with this!



Shin: You hear? I'll throw it!



Shin: Darn it!



Shin: Why, you!



Shin: It was clinging to the ceiling like some kind of bug!



Shin: A-And what really creeped me out was



Shin: that the cat had a hole in its throat.



Shin: A hole about as big as a one-yen coin!



Shin: And then, from the hole, I heard...



sign___Mreow,Sfx: Mreow



Kosa: A hole?



Kosa: Could it be a hole from the arrow?



Shin: I just frantically waved the broom around and ran.



Shin: Please, could you go check it out? It was really creepy.



Kosa: It had a hole... right?



Shin: Hey... Is it gone? Did it run away?



Kosa: No... It's dead.



Shin: Huh? What are you talking about?



Shin: W-Wait...



Kosa: One of the shards went right into its throat.



Shin: Wait a minute! I was just—



Kosa: It was an accident.



JoJo-main: ,It's no one's fault. It was just bad luck.



Kosa: It's not your fault.



JoJo-main: ,It's no one's fault.



Kosa: Apparently it had a hole in its throat, but...



Kosa: Now there's no way to tell if it was a Stand user or not.



Kosa: No, I'm sure it wasn't...



Kai: Good morning, Morioh.



Kai: Isn't it a refreshing morning, now that the rain's stopped?



Kai: I just saw a rainbow in the sky



JoJo-announcer: ,before I came into the studio.Is it still out there?



Nar: "Where am I, mrowr?



Nar: What am I doing here? Meow, meow," he thought.



Nar: "Two days go, someone attacked me with an arrow,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and I survived that, but..."



Nar: "M-My body's different from usual!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It's shaped funny! It's all wrong!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Why can't I move from here?" he thought, bewildered.



Shin: Where did he bury it?



Shin: I'm so sorry, kitty. Please rest in peace.



Nar: "Who's this human lady?



Nar: I get a bad feeling from her," he thought.



Nar: "The broom! That's it! Now I remember!



Nar: This woman...



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,That's right! A whole bunch of glass stabbed me, and I couldn't move!



Nar: The reason I'm like this now



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,is because of this woman!" he thought angrily.



Nar: He was perplexed.



Nar: "What? Something came out.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,When I got angry at that woman, something just came out."



Shin: My toenail? Wh-Why?!



Shin: Is it a curse? C-Could it be that cat?!



Nar: He lived by his desire and instinct,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,so he understood this power, as well as how to use it.



Kou: That's... a Stand user!



Kou: Why is this thing growing from where I buried the cat yesterday?



Kou: Just what is this thing?



Kou: What did it do to that sparrow?



JoJo-main: ,I couldn't see an actual Stand.



Kou: The most important thing is whetherthat thing is an enemy or not.



Kou: Is it an enemy who wishes to harm me, or is it...



Kou: I should probably k*ll it, just in case.



Kou: It fell asleep after eating.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is it a plant or an animal?



Kou: It'd be easy to k*ll it,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but it might be worth watching for a while.



Kou: The way it turned around because it thought it was being called



JoJo-main: ,is almost like a cat, as well...



Kou: The fact that it can't resist trying to smell me is also like a cat.



Kou: It looks like it might be okay to pet it.



Kou: The way it's purring creepily



JoJo-main: ,as it's about to fall asleep is also, indeed, like a cat.



Kou: But I'm still not sure if it has any hostility toward me or not.



Kou: Let's find out.



Kou: Hmm... It's angry,



JoJo-main: ,but this confirms that it doesn't have any hostility toward me.



Kou: This is definitely the cat that I buried here yesterday.



Kou: So it really did have a holein its throat from the arrow!



Shin: D-Darling?



Kou: The woman!



Shin: That place scares me.



JoJo-main: ,That's where my toenail came off...



Kou: This cat attacked her because it had a grudge against her!



Kou: If she found out about this thing...



Kou: That rumor might eventually reach Jotaro Kujo and the others!



Kou: That would definitely be bad news!



Shin: That's where you buried the cat, right?



Shin: It seems like it's cursed, so I'm really scared...



Kou: I didn't bury it here. Go back into the house.



Shin: You're lying!



JoJo-main: ,You're lying out of consideration for me, aren't you?



Kou: Crap! This cat means me harm, after all!



Kou: I still don't know what kind of Stand ability it has,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but I'm going to get rid of it.



Kou: Deadly Queen!



Kou: I feel bad for you, but I'm going to blow you up with this.



Kou: First b*mb, switch on!



Kou: What?!



Koou: Impossible! There's no way it can be a dud!



Kou: Is it because of this thing?



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is this thing's ability keeping it from exploding?



Sh: Huh? Is that a plant?



JoJo-main: ,Th-That plant is moving!



Kou: I told you to go back into the house!



Shin: Huh?



Kou: Shinobu!



Kou: The moment Deadly Queen's b*mb moved away from that thing, it went off!



Kou: Could this thing's ability be...



Na: The plant that was a cat until yesterday thought,



Nar: "I'm going to k*ll that woman!"



Kou: I can't allow you to attack her anymore.



Kou: I'm going to have to make you disappear.



Nar: "Then I'll just have to k*ll this man who's getting in my way, too!"



Kou: The only time the b*mb doesn't explode is when there's no air around it.



Nar: This plant instinctively knew just how it should k*ll him.



Kou: Could its Stand ability be the ability to control air freely?



Kkou: It's coming!



Kou: I can't see it, but it released something again.



Kou: Deadly Queen!



Kou: It is releasing something. It's air!



JoJo-main: ,It's releasing bubbles of air!



Dead: You  cat! I'll crush you!



Dead: I can't touch it!



Dead: It's like I'm stepping on an invisible balloon!



Kou: It really is controlling the air.



Kou: What?



Kou: Th-That thing...



Kou: I can't see it, but I'm sure it released an air bubble again.



Kou: This isn't good... Something isn't right!



Koou: What?



Kou: The cactus!



Kou: Sh-Shinobu!



Kou: What is this? Was I, Yoshikage Kira, just relieved



Kou: at the fact that the cactus needles didn't pierce her eyes?



Kou: What is this feeling?



Kou: Am I actually worried about someone else?



Kou: No!



Kou: I'm just worried that if this woman dies, Jotaro Kujo



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will find out about this house!



Kou: That's the only reason I was relieved that she was okay.



Kou: That's all it is...



Kou: That attack won't work anymore.



Kou: Even though I may not be able to see it,



JoJo-main: ,now that I know the mystery behind it...



Kou: It's just an ability that allows you to blow and spread air bubbles.



Kou: You are no longer a match for Deadly Queen.



Kou: What?!



Kou: Th-This thing just... put an air bubble into my veins!



Kou: It's rising higher and higher into my body!



Kou: I'm not that knowledgeable in medicine, but I've heard



Kou: that if you inject more than cc of air into a human being's veins,



Kou: it can block the vein and lead to death.



Kou: This is definitely more than cc!



Kou: !



Kou: It's no use! This is bad...



Kou: I have no choice... I have to do it.



Kkou: Deadly Queen!



Kou: I underestimated that thing.



Kou: Its ability to freely control the air...



Kou: It's a terrifying ability. Wh-What should I do?



Kou: It's coming! It's going to attack again!



Kou: What should I do?



Kou: That was close...



Kou: For now, I guess I'll let this go.



Kou: I'll let this go.



Sign top: S



Sign top: St



Sign top: Str



Sign top: Stra



Sign top: Stray



Sign top: Stray C



Sign top: Stray Ca



Sign top: Stray Cat



Sign bot: A



Sign bot: A Plant



Sign bot: A Plant That



Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas



Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once



Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once a



Sign bot: A Plant ThatWas Once a Cat



Shin: He told me yesterday that he buried that cat's corpse far away.



Shin: The cat's curse, as he said,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,was just an illusion my mind came up with out of fear.



Shin: I suddenly fainted in front of him...It was so embarrassing.



Shin: But...



Shin: He took care of me, even though it made him late to work.



Shin: I was so happy.



Shin: It felt like our hearts were connected.



Shin: That was the happiest morning of my life.



Shin: Well? Is it good?



Shin: That Hayato...



JoJo-main: ,He left without saying goodbye again.



Kou: Was that brat observing me?



Shin: Oh, darling!



Shin: That's my plate.



Shin: You don't like shiitake mushrooms, so I took them out of yours...



Shin: When did you start liking them?



Shin: You've already eaten more than half of it.



Shin: But I'm happy to see you gobbling down my cooking.



Shin: I guess you realized that you only thought you didn't like them, huh?



Kou: Yes.



Kou: All right, I'm going.



Shin: Have a good day, darling.



Shin: Ah... I wanted him to give me a goodbye kiss.



Shin: But we're understanding each other's feelings.



Shin: I'll seduce him soon enough.



Haya: He was using a shoehorn to put on his shoes.



Haya: I'm sure he put on the .cm sized shoes.



Haya: Having two different sizes of shoes is weird.



Haya: It's also weird that Mom and Dad are getting along lately.



Haya: He was even gobbling up the shiitakemushrooms that he hates.



Haya: This is weird, too.



Haya: Why was he writing his own name over and over?



Haya: And last night...



Hya: No matter how many times I see it, that's potting soil.



Haya: And I think the other thing he has is a bag of cat food.



Haya: And then he goes inside his closet...



Kou: They're all wearing hats.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Do they have to wear those for school?



Kou: Something doesn't feel right...



Haya: The attic?



Haya: Wh-What is that bizarrely shaped thing?



Haya: It's too dark for me to see it clearly.



Haya: There it is. It's that bag.



Haya: Huh?



Haya: Wha—



Haya: I-It's moving!



Haya: It's not a plant... Those are eyes!



Haya: It has eyeballs, and it's looking this way!



Haya: Could that cat food be for this thing?



Shin: Oh, darling.



Shin: What's the matter?



JoJo-main: ,Did you forget something? Oh, is the thing you forgot



Shin: my goodbye kiss?



Kou: No...



Shin: Aww...



JoJo-main: ,Then what is it? Shall I get it for you?



JoJo-main: ,No, I'll get it.



Haya: Why is he back?



Haya: Crap!



Haya: Huh?!



Haya: What?! Th-This thing...



Haya: Something I can't see that's inflated,



Haya: like some kind of air bubble, has my arms and neck pinned down!



Haya: He's coming up! C-Crap!



Kou: The attic! I knew it! That brat...



Hya: I-It attacked me when I tried to shut the window?



Haya: Does this thing need sunlight to move?



Haya: I-I know! If they're air bubbles...



Haya: Yes! So it was the sunlight.



Kou: That noise...



Kou: Did Stray Cat wear itself out trying to



JoJo-main: ,get the cat food from the shelf using air?



Kou: I thought it would stay calm if there was no sunlight hitting it,



Kou: but I guess a tiny bit of light was coming in.



Kou: Still...



Kou: I thought that maybe Hayato had gotten in here,



Kou: but it appears that it was, thankfully, just my imagination.



Kou: If that brat knew the truth about me,



Kou: I would have had to k*ll him.



Haya: He has Dad's face, but that's not my dad. Who...



Haya: Wh-Who is he?!