Kira: What unbelievable luck!



Kira: If that coffee hadn't spilled this morning...



Haya: How... How is that possible? I...



Kira: You brat...



Kira: To think that you knew about Stray Cat, as well!



Kira: I guess it's futile.



Kira: So long as I don't undo Bites the Dust, it'll keep automatically protecting you.



Haya: I... I failed!



Haya: I-It's almost time!



Kira: The fact that you tried to k*ll me using Stray Cat's air b*ll*ts...



Kira: Hayato, you wouldn't have come up with that idea



JoJo-main: ,if you hadn't repeated this morning three, no, four times.



Kira: And the fact that you've returned for the fourth time...



Kira: It means that Bites the Dust's fate



Kira: is to blow up not only Rohan,



Kira: but another one of his friends, as well.



Kira: That means you must have told people other than Rohan about me.



Kira: No... Perhaps you were just asked about me.



JoJo-main: ,Who did you k*ll?



Kira: Hm? Was there a shrimp named Koichi?



Kira: What about Jotaro Kujo?



JoJo-main: ,I'd be very happy if he were to die.



Haya: E-Everything's over...



Kira: Letting you return to this morning again is dangerous.



Kira: Because I'll be attacked again.



Kira: Once the others die, I'll undo Bites the Dust for a short while.



Kira: Bites the Dust is invincible!



Kira: Luck is on the side of Yoshikage Kira!



Haya: That name... The name you said just now...



Kira: Oh, did I just say my real name?



Kira: Yes, my name is Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: I don't care if you tell that to anyone.



Kira: By the way, what time is it?



Haya: I...



Haya: I didn't tell anyone.



Haya: I never said a single word to anyone about you in the first place.



Haya: I only made a phone call.



Haya: He said that he overslept and was late,



Haya: so I found his number and woke him up.



Haya: I made a call from the house this morning. That's all!



Haya: You're the one who said it.



JoJo-main: ,You're the one who said it yourself!



Haya: I was just waiting.



JoJo-main: ,I was just waiting for him to hurry up and get here without oversleeping!



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode    Shining D (Diamond) is Unbreakable, Part 



Oku: Hey, Josuke.



Oku: We're gonna be on time to meet up with everyone.



Josu: Hold it, Okuyasu!



Josu: I'm not sure if it's coincidence or fate,



Josu: but this guy just said a name that I can't believe I heard.



Kira: I-I-Impossible!



Josu: You said "Yoshikage Kira" just now, didn't you?



Oku: Huh? What?!



Kira: H-How could such a coincidence...



Haya: It's no coincidence!



Haya: It's not fate, either! This was a gamble!



Haya: I made a gamble!



Haya: And he came!



Josu: I know I heard you say it!



JoJo-main: ,You definitely just said that name!



Kira: It can't be...



Josu: You!



Josu: If you just coincidentally have the same name as him,



JoJo-main: ,I can fix your wounds at any time.



Oku: H-He's Yoshikage Kira?



Ia: Th-That's impossible... You brat!



Kira: H-How could this be?



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I need to undo Bites the Dust and protect myself!



Kira: Return, Deadly Queen!



Roha: Cold... The rain is going down my back.



Roha: Honestly, does no one show up on time?



Roha: Oh?



Roh: That's Koichi and Jotaro.



Haya: Yes! I made it in time! I won against fate!



Kira: I don't need any intense joy.



Kira: But I didn't want any deep despair, either....



JoJo-main: ,My goal was to live a peaceful life, like a plant.



Josu: You've shown yourself!



JoJo-main: ,Now I'll make sure your face doesn't look so peaceful.



Oku: I guess this picture that Rohan took was an instant jackpot.



Josu: Looks like it wasn't coincidence that we ran into him, Okuyasu.



Josu: I don't know the details,



JoJo-main: ,but since he gave his realname to Hayato Kawajiri,



Josu: we may have gotten here just in the nick of time.



Kira: Just so you know, I wasn't running away from you.



Kira: If I wanted to k*ll you all, I could have done so at any time.



Kira: The reason I didn't was just because I don't like fighting.



Kira: Strife is the exact opposite



JoJo-main: ,of the peaceful life that I aim for, so I hate it.



Kira: It's easy to win one battle,



Kira: but then you accumulate stress for your next battle.



Kira: It's a foolish thing to do.



Kia: Fighting with others is a sad and endless process.



Josu: We were coming after you because you k*lled Shigechi, you foolishass!



Oku: A pig villain like you whose hobby is to k*ll people



JoJo-main: ,doesn't have the right to talk about what he wants to do, you dip!



Oku: Be careful, Josuke!



JoJo-main: ,Don't touch that Deadly Queen's hand.



Kira: That's the only reason I didn't dispose of you all.



Kira: You're the only three destroying my peace right now.



Kira: I have no choice but to fight the ones who find out my identity.



Oku: Hey, get behind us, Hayato Kawajiri.



Kira: Shining Diamond's range is - meters,



Kira: and it has the ability to fix anything that's been destroyed.



Josu: I won't need to use that ability against you!



JoJo-main: ,I'm just gonna kick your a*s!



Oku: Josuke!



Josu: Dora.



Kira: He's strong...



Haya: Yes! I can't see it, b-but that's amazing!



Haya: Kira just spit blood and went flying!



Josu: You're moving way too slow, Deadly Queen!



Josu: I guess yearning for a peaceful life has left you lacking in motivation.



Josu: Looks like your Stand isn't cut out for one-on-one battles.



Oku: Josuke, don't let your guard down just because he's slow!



Oku: If it's best to fight him without touching him,



JoJo-main: ,it'd be better to use my Stand, The Hand.



Oku: Bring it!



Kira: Scraping away space to teleport, eh?



Kira: I attacked Josuke, but now the direction of my attack has turned...



Kira: Toward you.



Haya: I-Inside my backpack...



Oku: What?!



Kira: Though I guess it worked out.



JoJo-main: ,It still hit right on the dot, despite being the first time I've used it.



Oku: I-I wasn't touched... I-I wasn't even touched...



Oku: The air... The air breathed fire!



Josu: Okuyasu!



Haya: Th-The air... breathed fire?



JoJo-main: ,The air...



Kira: The reason I kept that thing around was for this.



Kia: I can use Stray Cat's ability to control the air for Deadly Queen's explosions.



Kira: Hayato, You brought it for me!



Haya: Invisible air and an unstoppable expl*si*n!



Haya: Could any two things in this world be more compatible than that?



Haya: He was keeping it just for this purpose...



Haya: And I'm the one who brought it here!



Kira: I said that it appears luck is on my side, didn't I?



Kira: In Japanese, "fate" is written with characters meaning "luck that brings life."



Kira: How fitting.



Signtop: The



Signtop: The Ha



Signtop: The Han



Signtop: The Hand



Signbot: Oku



Signbot: Okuyasu



Signbot: Okuyasu Niji



Signbot: Okuyasu Nijimura



Koi: Is something wrong, Jotaro?



Jojo: No, it's nothing.



JoJo-main: ,I just thought the rain sounded like Josuke's voice.



Roha: I'm sure he overslept.



Roah: If he doesn't show up in the next five minutes,



Roha: I'm going to head to Hayato Kawajiri's school without them.



Josu: I'll fix you right now, Okuyasu!



Kia: That's not going to happen.



Kira: Because I'm going to blow you away first.



Haya: It launched air like a b*llet!



JoJo-main: ,And he turned that air into a b*mb!



Haya: It's coming! You've got to run away!



Haya: You can't see it?



JoJo-main: ,It's that area that looks distorted!



Haya: I-It's going to hit!



Haya: Fix?



JoJo-main: ,He's trying to use that ability to fix Okuyasu...



Kira: The ability to fix things...



Kira: To think it's so fast that you were able to create a wall from the broken slate.



Haya: I-It's shooting again!



Haya: I-It's coming!



Kira: Presumptions are more terrifying than anything else.



Kira: Especially when you'reunder the impression that



JoJo-main: ,your strengths or abilities are impressive.



Haya: I-It's starting to come through!



Haya: Even though it came in contact with it, it didn't explode!



Kira: Hmph. I thought it might blow his head off,



JoJo-main: ,but it appears that the expl*si*n was a bit shallow.



Kira: Deadly Queen's explosions aren't limited only to things it touches.



Kira: That would be a presumption.



Kira: It can explode at any given distance.



Kia: No matter where you might hide,



Kira: or how fast you might try to guard yourself with a wall or metal plate,



Kiira: it can go right through and explode freely!



Kira: You cannot run anymore.



Kira: Die!



Haya: It's no use! There's no way to dodge it!



Josu: I can't run?



JoJo-main: ,I have no intention of running away...



Josu: And I haven't from the beginning.



Josu: Then I wouldn't be able to fix Okuyasu!



Haya: He's heading toward it?!



Haya: I-It went through!



Josu: You can make it explode at any distance?



Josu: Looks like there's an exception to that.



Josu: If I happen to explode when I'm close to you, Kira,



Josu: you're not going to be safe, are you?!



Josu: All right, Okuyasu. Now I can fix you.



Haya: Don't touch him!



Haya: I think... he might have just used Okuyasu's body and...



Kira:  that Hayato...



Josu: Impossible...



Josu: I didn't see Deadly Queen touch Okuyasu.



Josu: How can you tell, Hayato Kawajiri?!



JoJo-main: ,You're not a Stand user!



Haya: I can tell!



JoJo-main: ,I've lived in the same house as him until this morning!



Haya: I can tell by his expressions!



JoJo-main: ,It touched him without us noticing!



Haya: There's no doubt!



JoJo-main: ,Okuyasu's body's been turned into a b*mb!



Josu: Yoshikage Kira!



Kira: I'm not sure...



Kira: Since you were charging toward me,



JoJo-main: ,I'm not sure if I was actually able to touch Okuyasu or not.



Kira: It all happened so fast.



JoJo-main: ,Should I just try pushing the button?



Josu: D-Don't, Yoshikage Kira!



Josu: Hurry up and shoot the next air b*llet!



JoJo-main: ,Shoot it at me, !



Kira: There's really no need to rush into attacking you right now.



Kira: Josuke Higashikata, I lose nothing by deciding whether to attack or not



JoJo-main: ,based on your movements.



Kira: There's a chance that Okuyasu wasn't turned into a b*mb.



Kira: You might be able to fix him with Shining Diamond.



Kira: This might be too forward of me,



JoJo-main: ,but there's only one way to save Okuyasu's life in this situation...



Kira: And that's for you to touch him and fix him.



Kira: Even if I turned him into a b*mb, if you touch him using Shining Diamond,



Kira: you might die from the expl*si*n, but Okuyasu won't.



Kira: If you were to sacrifice yourself,



JoJo-main: ,you'd at least be able to fix your best friend's wounds, wouldn't you?



Haya: D-Don't touch him!



Kira: I'll wait until you make your decision.



Kira: You can decide whether you're going to touch your best friend and fix him,



JoJo-main: ,or come after me.



Kira: I'll wait as long as it takes for you to make your decision,



JoJo-main: ,but I guess there's no way you'll touch him,



JoJo-main: ,even if he is your precious best friend...



Haya: I have proof that you shouldn't touch him!



Haya: I'm sure he can't control more than one b*mb at a time!



Haya: Once he's used his expl*sive ability,



JoJo-main: ,he can't create the next b*mb until the first one has gone off.



Haya: As proof, he could be shooting off tons of bombs,



JoJo-main: ,but he's only shot off one at a time!



Haya: He changed Okuyasu into a b*mb, so he can't shoot now!



Josu: What are you trying to say?



Haya: I'm telling you that there's a way to save Okuyasu-san!



JoJo-main: ,And for that...



Kira: Deadly Queen, switch on the b*mb.



Haya: I just need to touch him!



Josu: What?!



Josu: H-Hayato, you...



Josu: All right! Shining Diamond!



Josu: You're insane, Hayato Kawajiri... You've got some guts.



Josu: Are you really a grade-schooler, kid?



Haya: If I wasn't expecting you to use your ability to f-fix things, I couldn't do it.



Haya: Besides, you can't die.



Haya: If you die, he can easily k*ll me, and then he'll be free.



Haya: He'll eventually k*ll my mom, too...



JoJo-main: ,and other people in this town again!



Kira: No, you'll die.



Kira: To think that your ability to fix things



JoJo-main: ,is so powerful that it can fix what I've blown up instantaneously...



Kira: I've just been reminded that it's the most troublesome ability to have against me.



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Haya: Josuke, he's firing!



Kira: I'll detonate it upon impact so you can't put your guard up.



Kira: However, since there's a chance you'll dodge it if it detonates on impact,



Kira: I shot a small one so it'd be hard to see.



Kira: I wonder if you can dodge it while



JoJo-main: ,holding Okuyasu, and with debris from the expl*si*n stuck in your wounds...



Haya: Hurry up and run, Josuke!



Haya: If the expl*si*n so much as grazesyou next time, it'll be fatal!



Josu: Okuyasu! I fixed your wounds.



JoJo-main: ,Wake up, Okuyasu!



Haya: Hurry and move! He's going to get you!



Kira: Eight meters until impact.



Josu: Come on, you can wake up now!



JoJo-main: ,You're totally fine now, Okuyasu!



Haya: Josuke!



Kia: Just seven more meters.



Josu: Just open your eyes, Okuyasu! Hey!



Josu: Hey, Okuyasu! Hurry up and open your  eyes!



Josu: Hey! Let's work together like we always do and kick his a*s!



Haya: Josuke...



Kira: I'm going to place that b*mb right under his nose,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,as precise as one of Joe Montana's touchdown passes,



Kira: and then detonate it from there.



Kira: Four meters until impact.



Haya: L-Let go! If you don't run, you'll be hit head-on!



Haya: Okuyasu is... Okuyasu is already...



Josu: Shut up!



JoJo-main: ,You need to hurry up and run away yourself, kid!



Kira: Two more meters until impact.



Kira: The expl*si*n will cover approximately a three-meter radius.



Haya: I see it! It's about two meters in front of you!



Haya: Hurry up and run away!



JoJo-main: ,Okuyasu... Okuyasu is already dead!



Josu: He's not dead!



Josu: Okuyasu is fixed!



JoJo-main: ,He's going to open his eyes!



Kira: I'll get it one meter closer and then push the button.



Haya: Josuke!



Sffx: Splash



Haya: Th-The air b*llet was split by a knife of blood!



Haya: Did the blood flowing through Josuke



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,just fly out with immense power and cut it like a knife?



Haya: That's it! Just like when I stabbed it with



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the needle from the compass in the attic,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the air from the cat weed shrank!



Kira: He used the blood from his wound like a water pressure cutter



Kia: to cut through it...



Ka: But I wonder about the air b*llet.



Haya: It didn't shrink! It's heading toward you!



Kira: An air b*llet that's become a b*mb is



JoJo-main: ,kept stable by Deadly Queen's abilities.



Kira: That's why it won't shrivel!



JoJo-main: ,No matter if you try to crush it or cut it into pieces,



JoJo-main: ,the b*mb ability won't go away!



Kira: It'll detonate as soon as you touch it.



Kira: All right, impact.



Haya: Huh? H-His body...



Haya: is floating?



Kira: Detonate!



Haya: No, it's not floating...



Josu: I can't fix my own wounds with Shining Diamond's abilities,



Josu: but if it's debris from the road



JoJo-main: ,that got into my wound in the first expl*si*n...



Josu: I can fix that!



Haya: Th-The piece of the road that was in his wound pulled his body!



Josu: I don't have a choice.



JoJo-main: ,It's someone else's house, but we're going to run in here, Hayato.



Haya: P-Please leave Okuyasu behind.



Haya: If you're holding Okuyasu, you'll be k*lled!



Haya: He'll catch up and he'll get you!



Josu: Would you just shut up, Hayato?



Josu: Okuyasu and I get along great. He's my friend!



Haya: That's not what I'm talking about!



JoJo-main: ,When you fixed Okuyasu's wounds, he was already dea—



Josu: Stop!



Josu: Don't. Don't you dare say any more.



Haya: Think about defeating him!



Kira: I don't like it...



Kira: If he didn't have that ability to fix things,



JoJo-main: ,my bombs would be invincible.



Kira: The most terrifying thing getting in the way of my peace of mind isn't Jotaro.



Kira: It's him!



Kia: Josuke Higashikata!