Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Dad: This isn't good... This isn't good at all!



Dad: I need to let Yoshikage know!



Koi: Reimi!



Rei: You took this picture, Rohan?



Roha: Yes, why?



Rei: This one is marked. Is there something wrong with it?



Ri: The one you have circled looks a little boy.



Sign: Hayato Kawajiri



Roha: Oh, him...



Roha: It's nothing, really.



JoJo-flashback: ,He seemed to be snooping around, so he caught my attention.



Rei: But this boy, Hayato Kawajiri, has the same last name as this man here.



Roha: Huh? Really?



Rei: Look!



Sign: Kosaku Kawajiri



Rei: It's the same.



JoJo-flashback: ,You're the one who researched this, aren't you?



Roha: They do have the same last name.



Dad: At this rate, Rohan Kishibe will find his way to Yoshikage!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Shin: Hayato? Hayato!



Shin: Ugh...



Shin: Hayato, I've been calling you!



JoJo-main: ,You can at least answer me!



Shin: D-Darling...



Shin: I thought it was Hayato in the bath.



Shin: I mean, look at this!



Shin: Hayato left his clothes in the hallway as if they exploded off of him.



Shin: Unlike you, no matter how many times I warn him, he's such a slob.



Shin: And he's not answering me again.



Shin: I'm sure he's probably got his headphones on, reading manga again.



Shin: Oh! Darling, your fingers are bleeding.



Shin: What happened?



JoJo-main: ,We need to put a bandage on it.



Kosa: I-I'll do it myself.



Kosa: I can apply a bandage myself.



JoJo-main: ,Okay...



Kosa: I just got my fingers caught in the door, that's all.



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Josu: Hayato Kawajiri?



Josu: Are you saying this grade-schooler has something to do with Yoshikage Kira?



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     Bites the Dust, Part 



Koi: We're not % sure yet,



JoJo-main: ,but Rohan-sensei said something bugs him about it.



Josu: True, there's something wrong if he's secretly taking videos of his dad.



Koi: So, tomorrow morning, we're thinking of meeting up



Koi: and going to visit Hayato Kawajiri's house.



Koi: Apparently, Rohan-sensei's already found the address.



Josu: That one Rohan sure works fast.



Josu: All right. I just have to invite Okuyasu, right?



Josu: And of course, there's Jotaro, too.



Koi: I'll talk to Jotaro.



Koi: All right. See you tomorrow at : AM



JoJo-main: ,at the intersection with the Pepsi sign.



Josu: Got it.



Josu: :, huh? I'm gonna be late for school.



Josu: But if we talk to this kid, we might find something out.



Shin: Are you okay?



JoJo-main: ,You're acting a bit strange, darling...



Shin: And you look pale.



Kosa: I told you, it's nothing.



JoJo-main: ,I caught my fingers in the door.



Kosa: Can you blame me for being pale?



Kosa: More importantly, can you make me some tea?



Kosa: I'll be down soon.



Shi: Of course.



Shin: This just came to me out of the blue,



Shin: but lately, I can't help but think that you're immortal.



Shin: I'll go make you that tea now.



Haya: If something happens to me, your secret's going to be found out!



Haya: Don't you lay a finger on me or my mom!



Haya: This isn't a deal!



JoJo-flashback: ,You have to listen to me! Got it?!



Kosa: You're too naïve!



JoJo-flashback: ,Do you really think I would allow that?



Dad: I can't believe you actually got rid of Hayato.



JoJo-flashback: ,What a stupid thing to do.



Kosa: I'm trying to think of what to do right now.



Dad: It's no use thinking about it.



Dad: I see you made it look likehe fell and hit his head,



JoJo-main: ,but the timing was unfortunate.



Dad: That Rohan Kishibe has started investigating Hayato Kawajiri.



Dad: They're still not positive that Kosaku Kawajiri is you,



Dad: but they're coming to check this house tomorrow.



Dad: It's a bad idea to stay in this house any longer.



Kosa: Shut up. I'm thinking right now.



Dad: Ever since you were a child, when things didn't go your way



Dad: and there was nothing you could do, you would always bite your nails.



Dad: You poor thing.



JoJo-main: ,You must be in so much despair right now.



Dad: There's no other way around it.



JoJo-main: ,You're going to have to leave this town, Yoshikage.



Dad: If you go now, you can escape to someplace they can't follow you, before they find out.



Kosa: Are you telling me to flee Morioh?



Kossa: You know very well that I'm done with living my life in fear,



Kosa: having to worry about someone coming after me!



Kosa: I will never leave this town.



Kosa: What?!



Dad: The arrow acted on its own! I didn't do anything!



Dad: I didn't even touch the arrow!



Kosa: Th-The arrow...



Dd: Y-Yoshikage!



Shi: Hayato! Hayato?!



Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM



Shin: Are you planning to sleep all day, Hayato?



Shin: Hurry up and wake—



Shin: What, you're already awake? That's a surprise.



Shin: Hayato, breakfast is ready.



JoJo-main: ,Honestly, why don't you ever answer me?



Haya: I couldn't sleep very well last night.



Haya: He... He found out that I saw him k*ll someone.



Haya: Anyway, I made sure that he wouldn't be able to lay a finger



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,on me or Mom, but...



Haya: What should I do now?



Dad: I-I don't understand... What happened, Yoshikage?



Dad: You've been acting strange since last night.



Dad: Listen to me, Yoshikage!



Dad: That Rohan Kishibe has started investigating Hayato Kawajiri for some reason!



Dad: They're going to come check this house tomorrow.



Kosa: There's no need to worry.



Dad: B-But, Yoshikage!



Kosa: Deadly Queen has gained a third ability.



Dad: I... I don't understand.



JoJo-main: ,What could have happened to make you so carefree?



sign____Morioh_s_Very_O,Sign: -Morioh's Very Own-



sign___Miso_stewed_Cow_,Sign: Miso-stewed Cow Tongue



Cm: Miso-stewed cow tongue.



Cast: What? No way! We're on the air already?



Cast: Er, um... It's now :, so here's the weather today for the prefecture.



Cast: Today should be sunny.



Shin: Hayato! Hey, Hayato! Answer the phone.



Haya: After that bath last night, he changed.



Haya: Wh-What could have happened?



Shin: Hayato! I asked you to answer the phone!



Shin: My precious tea set!



Shin: This is all your fault!



JoJo-main: ,Why do you always ignore me?!



Shin: Fine! You think your mother's just a bother, right?!



Shin: Do whatever you want, then!



Kira: Now, now. Let's not fight first thing in the morning.



Kira: If it broke, I'll just buy you another one.



Kira: Hello, Kawajiri residence.



Kira: No, it's not.



JoJo-main: ,They had the wrong number.



Kira: Hayato's just at an age where he doesn't want to talk much.



Kira: We're family, so we all need to get along.



Kira: You know, get along.



Kira: Well, I'll head off to work now.



Kira: Do you mind if I give you a goodbye kiss?



Shin: Huh?



Kira: I'll be off now.



Haya: H-He left...



Kira: No, I'm right here.



Kira: Why don't we walk together part of the way?



Kira: Going from feeling refreshed to falling into despair...



Kira: So much has happened lately. I've been on an emotional roller coaster.



Kira: But now I'll be able to feel at ease.



Kira: Since you cornered me last night, I was able to mature.



Kira: Really, your will last night was so strong.



Kira: To think that you would actually turn around and threaten me, Yoshikage Kira...



Haya: Y-Yoshikage Kira?



Kira: Did I just say my real name?



Haya: A-Are you planning to k*ll me after all?



Kira: k*ll you?



Kira: Because you found out my secret?



Kira: There's no need for that. Because I've matured.



Kira: No matter where you go and what you do with anyone,



Kira: it doesn't matter, because now, none can rival me.



Kira: I have no interest in you anymore. If I wanted to k*ll you...



Kira: I would have gotten rid of you last night.



Kira: From now on, we're all going to get along and live happily together.



Kira: So just relax... Like we're family.



Kira: Well, I have to head to the station.



JoJo-main: ,Make sure you study hard, Hayato.



Haya: Rival... He just said none can rival him...



Haya: Which means there must be others



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that have the same kind of abilities as him.



Haya: But what's with that creepy confidence?



Haya: If he's unrivaled now, does that mean he's gained some other abilities?



Haa: What should I do?



Haya: What am I supposed to do?



Roha: You're...



JoJo-main: ,Hayato Kawajiri-kun,



Roha: aren't you?



Signtop: De



Signtop: Dead



Signtop: Deadly



Signtop: Deadly Qu



Signtop: Deadly Que



Signtop: Deadly Quee



Signtop: Deadly Queen



Signbot: Ko



Signbot: Kosaku



Signbot: Kosaku Kawa



Signbot: Kosaku Kawajiri



Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM



Roha: I've been waiting for you.



JoJo-main: ,My name is Rohan Kishibe.



Roha: There's something that I wanted to ask you out of curiosity.



Roha: It's about this picture.



Roha: This is you, right?



Roha: Were you taking video of your dad in the corner there?



Roha: Wait.



Haya: What... is this?



Roha: Well, I know that was sudden...



Roha: But it's much faster to just read



JoJo-main: ,about Hayato Kawajiri than to ask bothersome questions,



Roha: and I can get honest answers this way, too.



Sign: [Warning]



,Sign: You mustn'tread any further.



Roha: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?



Roha: What Heaven's Door turns into a book



Roha: should just be the memories of this boy's life experiences, without any falsehoods.



Roha: And yet... a warning?



Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.



JoJo-main: ,What in the world is this?



Roha: Is this "warning" what he experienced?



Roha: I thought I'd just casually look into this child,



Roha: but now this has definitely caught my interest.



Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.



Roha: "You mustn't read any further"?



Roha: Who in the world could this warning be for?



Sign: An old guy walked by with his fly down.



Sign: He sneezed and said, " it."



Sign: Some women laughed at him.



Roha: Wh-What is this?



Roha: This is getting even more confusing.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,What does it mean?



Guy:  it.



Rohha: J-Just who is this boy?



Sign: It rained.



Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!



Sign: At : AM, lightning struck above the Pepsi sign.



Roha: :...



Roha: Wh-Who in the world is this Hayato Kawajiri?



Roha: Why is he experiencing things in the future?



Roha: Could he be a Stand user?



Roha: No... This is too odd to be a Stand ability.



Roha: All I can read with Heaven's Door



Roha: is what he has personally seen or heard.



Roha: The answer to this should be written somewhere...



Sign: My dad isn't my dad



Sign: He made a man and a woman disappear at an apartment in Jozenji by making them explode.



Sign: He's a m*rder*r. I found out who he was. He has inhuman abilities.



Sign: My dad's name is Yoshikage Kira



Sign: Yoshikage Kira



Roha: Kira...



Roha: I-I did it!



Roha: This kid was the jackpot!



Roha: I finally found him!



Roha: Yoshikage Kira is Kosaku Kawajiri!



Roha: He's disguised himself as this kid's father!



sign: Ro



sign: ha



sign: n



sign: Kishi



sign: be



sign: was



sign: also



sign: ki



sign: ll



sign: ed



Roha: "Rohan Kishibe was also k*lled"?



Roha: "He was k*lled by Kira,



Sign: He was k*lled by Kira,who had matured.



JoJo-main: ,who had matured..."



Kira: Deadly Queen's third b*mb, Bites the Dust.



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Kira: Rohan Kishibe, Deadly Queen is already inside your eye!



Kira: That is what you are seeing!



Ira: The switch for Deadly Queen's third b*mb



Kira: has already been activated!



Kira: Deadly Queen's third ability...



Kia: It is a b*mb to blow away anyone who tries to come after me!



Kira: It will activate in anyone who tries to get close to Hayato in order to learn about me.



Sign: He was k*lled by Kira,who had matured.



Sign: Rohan Kishibe was also k*lled.



Kira: It'll also activate if Hayato happens to verbally reveal my identity,



Kira: and if he writes it down, it'll activate immediately.



Kira: Which means it's a b*mb I implanted in Hayato!



Roha: C-Come to think of it,



JoJo-main: ,I was supposed to meet Koichi and the others here at :...



JoJo-main: ,I finally... found out Yoshikage Kira's identity...



Roha: Koichi is coming. I have to tell him...



Roha: I... I finally... found him...



Roha: Yoshikage Kira is Kosaku Kawajiri.



Roha: I found him with my Heaven's Door.



Roha: I have to tell...



Roha: Koichi...



Kira: And now,



Kira: this is the real third ability of Deadly Queen!



Roha: K-Koichi!



Haya: I-It was a dream?



Haya: I couldn't sleep very well last night.



Haya: I kept having these weird dreams...



Shin: Hayato!



Shin: Are you planning to sleep all day, Hayato?



Shin: Hurry up and wake—



Shin: What, you're already awake?



JoJo-main: ,That's a surprise.



Shin: Hayato, breakfast is ready.



JoJo-main: ,Honestly, why don't you ever answer me?



Haya: D-Didn't this...



Cast: What? No way! We're on the air already?



Haya: Th-This morning TV program...



Shin: Hayato! Hey, Hayato! Answer the phone.



Haya: Th-This isn't a dream...



Haya: What I just saw wasn't a dream.



Haya: Th-This is the same morning.



Haya: It's repeating...



Haya: Today's morning is repeating again!



Haya: Yoshikage Kira... His name is Yoshikage Kira!



Haya: He's doing this!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,This is the unrivaled ability he was talking about,



Haya: and he planted that inside me!



Shin: Hayato! I asked you to answer the phone!



Haya: Oh, yeah!



Haya: Look out—



Hin: Ow...



Shin: That was a nice catch. It was almost as if you knew it was going to fall.



Shin: But if you can hear me, you could at least answer!



Shin: Hello, Kawajiri residence.



Shin: Huh? No, it's not.



Haya: It appears I'm the only one in the world who's aware



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that this morning is repeating.



Kira: It's almost as if you knew, huh?



Kira: Apparently you blew someone up and came back, Hayato.



Kira: No, really. I don't know exactly what you've done.



Kira: This is called Deadly Queen Bites the Dust,



Kira: and it automatically protects me...



Kira: from inside you, Hayato.



Kira: Did you know that I already k*lled you once last night?



Kira: As though as it was trying to remedy



JoJo-main: ,the despair I was feeling from the situation I was in,



Kira: I gained a brand new ability.



Kira: By using that ability on you, time went back an hour,



Kira: and the fact that I k*lled you disappeared.



Kira: At the same time, you became a b*mb to protect me.



Kira: You told someone about me and the b*mb activated, and then you came back.



Kira: Who did you blow away, hm? Come on, tell me.



Kira: Who did you k*ll?



Haya: I-I didn't tell anyone...



kira: I see! Then someone must have been asking you questions.



Kira: It must be that Rohan Kishibe.



kira: Even if you have no intention of telling anyone,



kira: as soon as someone asks you about me, Bites the Dust will activate.



Kira: And then you will blow him up and come back.



Kira: The very fact that Rohan Kishibe encountered you has disappeared!



Kira: That is Deadly Queen Bites the Dust.



Kira: You won't be able to tell anyone.



JoJo-main: ,There will be no one who can ask you anything!