Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Roha: Who is that? I've never seen him before.



Roha: Hello. My name is Kinoto. I'm the architect you called.



Kino: I came to estimate repairs from the fire and any renovations we might do.



Roha: Oh, right. We made plans for you to come by.



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: Sorry that was so sudden, but I've been quite cautious lately.



Sign: Yay! I got work!Gonna make some money!Rohan Kishibe seems like hehas a lot of money,so I'm gonna make a fortune.Hopefully I canovercharge a little bit.



Roha: He was born in  and is a first-class architect.



JoJo-main: ,His name is Masazo Kinoto.



Roha: I see.



Roha: Looks like he is indeed the one I called.



Roha: He's not a Stand user or an enemy.



Roha: Hm?



Sign: I don't like anyone looking at my back.



Sign: I don't want anyone to see my back.It's not like I have acne, scars, or a tattoo,but I never want anyone to look at my back, ever!I can't seem to get a girlfriend. What should I do?!



Roha: I have no idea what that's about,



JoJo-main: ,but I guess everyone has strange concerns and fears.



Roha: But it seems like he's safe to allow into the house.



Roha: Though there was that incident with the Janken kid, too...



Roha: Just in case, I'll write in that he can't attack me.



Kno: Huh? Did I do something just now?



Roha: No. Please, come in. Let's discuss the job.



Roha: Is something the matter?



JoJo-main: ,The room that caught fire is the one facing the yard.



Roa: If you don't come in, we can't discuss what to do about it.



Kino: Oh, please, go ahead. I'll follow you.



Roha: Huh?



Kino: Now, please, go ahead.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 



Kane: Of course I can escape, and rather easily.



Kane: You guys haven't even been able to find Yoshikage Kira, have you?



Kane: You guys haven't seen my face.



JoJo-main: ,Doesn't my name seem fake, too?



Kane: I mean, it's Toyohiro Kanedaichi.



Oku: Wh-What?



Josu: Are you wearing something over your face?



Kane: The fact that I thought about leaving here



Kane: means I also planned on getting away.



Kane: Well, I'll be leaving now.



Josu: Y-You!



Miki: Please don't come in, Josuke.



Miki: I'll remain with this pylon.



Josu: What?! What are you talking about?



Miki: This all started because I found it,



Miki: and this happened because I turned into a wire



JoJo-main: ,and climbed all the way up here.



Miki: I can be useful, too.



JoJo-main: ,I wanted you guys to be proud of me, and that's why I did it.



Miki: Even though Okuyasu told me to stay out of it.



Miki: I got what I deserved.



Miki: Please don't worry about me.



Miki: If I think of it as if it were the inside of a spaceship,



JoJo-main: ,it seems quite spacious.



Kane: You're pretty weird, but also brave.



Kane: Though it really doesn't matter to me who stays here.



Kane: As long as I get to leave, that's all that matters.



Kane: You guys can decide the rest for yoursel—



Josu: No, you're the one who'll be staying.



Josu: The only time you'll ever get to hear the word "goodbye"



Josu: is when you hear us say it!



Miki: J-Josuke!



Kane: Y-You!



Josu: Since you cut this, I was able to fix it and climb back up here.



Kane: Impossible...



Josu: Mikitaka, could you hold on for another ten seconds or so?



Josu: After I beat the crap out of this guy



JoJo-main: ,and drag him back into the pylon, I'll fix you right up.



Oku: Don't fall, Josuke!



Josu: Of course I won't fall.



Kane: I just said "impossible," but that was wrong.



Kane: Let me rephrase that and say, "you fool."



Kane: All I wanted to do was leave this pylon.



JoJo-main: ,I wasn't planning on k*lling anyone...



Kane: But now I'm going to have to knock you off of here



JoJo-main: ,just so I can get away, you fool!



Josu: Shut up!



Kane: Shining Diamond...



JoJo-main: ,It looks like a very powerful Stand when you see it up close.



Kane: But do you really think you can



JoJo-main: ,lay a finger on me when I can walk around



JoJo-main: ,the top of this pylon with my eyes closed?



Kane: I'm guessing its range is about two meters.



Josu: Watch it!



Josu: Hey, you foolishass! Quit fooling around!



Miki: Josuke, move away from there!



Miki: It's already been cut with the knife!



Miki: He's already cut up the pylon!



Josu: That was a dirty trick!



Josu: But it's not a speed that my Shining Diamond can't dodge.



Josu: What are you smirking for, ?



Josu: Are you that happy about me kicking your a*s?!



Kane: I know every nook and cranny of this pylon.



Kane: I know exactly which angles to cut



JoJo-main: ,to make the energy come flying from any direction.



Kane: Just like one who's played billiards way too much,



Kane: I know it all too well!



Miki: Billiards?



Miki: Jo...



Oku: Josuke!



Kane: You said it wasn't a speed that Shining Diamond can't dodge, right?



Kane: But do you know which direction it's going to come from?



Kane: I wonder how many more shots it just fired.



Kane: They're reflecting off of the beams now.



Kane: Here they come!



Miki: Josuke!



Miki: It's coming from behind, too!



Miki: Josuke!



Kane: This is exactly why I said, "you fool."



Kane: That alien or whatever over there



JoJo-main: ,bravely said he'd stay behind with the pylon.



Kane: You should have just listened to him.



Ken: Then you wouldn't have to die.



Miki: B-Both of his arms?



JoJo-main: ,He won't be able to dodge the next attack like that.



Kane: Here comes the energy to finish you off!



JoJo-main: ,It's going right for...



Josu: By the way, Okuyasu,



JoJo-main: ,did you happen to see from there how many



Josu: of this guy's attacks I smacked away with Shining Diamond?



Oku: Huh? Yeah, I saw.



JoJo-main: ,I'm pretty sure I saw you smack four of them.



Kane: What? Did you just say, "by the way"?



Josu: Four of them, huh? Well, that should be enough.



Josu: Four shots should be plenty.



Kane: What are you two talking about?!



Josu: You said they were reflecting.



Josu: You said the Stand's energy was reflecting like billiard ba*ls to attack me.



Kane: What about it, Josuke?!



Josu: My Stand is Shining Diamond.



Josu: I'm sure the old man in the photograph told you,



JoJo-main: ,but its power is to fix things and energies that have been destroyed.



Kane: Fix... Did you say "fix"?



JoJo-main: ,What are you saying you fixed?!



Kane: Are you saying that you actually had the chance to fix something just now?



Kane: You idiot!



Miki: You fixed the energies that were reflecting



Miki: and returned them to where they originated.



Iki: Josuke, I thought you were defeated,



JoJo-main: ,but I guess you had already won.



Kane: I-Impossible...



Josu: It looks like the line you were supposed to say was "impossible," after all.



Kane: I'm really sorry.



JoJo-main: ,I started living on this pylon because I disliked other people.



Kane: But the old guy in the photograph



JoJo-main: ,said that if I could trap even one Stand user here,



Kane: he would look after me so I could live in the outside world,



Kane: and I ended up going along with it...



Kane: Please! Will you let me go back to this pylon?



JoJo-main: ,I never want to leave here again.



Kane: I want to stay in here forever.



JoJo-main: ,I'll never think about leaving the pylon ever again.



Nar: New Morioh landmark: the guy who lives on a pylon.



Sign: Morioh Landmark No. : The Guy Who Lives on a Pylon



Nar: He lives completely self-sufficiently,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but if you bring him salt or snacks,



Nar: he'll be happy and let you take pictures with him.



Nar: He's a bit shy, so he wears a mask



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and won't tell you his real name.



Josu: More importantly, about the old guy in the photograph...



Josu: Did he say anything?



Josu: Like where his son, Yoshikage Kira,might be, or anything else?



Kane: Is there a Stand user named Koichi here in Morioh?



Josu: What about Koichi?!



Kane: Listen, the old guy in the photograph just happened to randomly



JoJo-main: ,mention it when he was talking.



Kane: I didn't ask too much about it, and he didn't go into detail.



Oku: Well, what did he say about Koichi?!



Kane: He said that he's been eliminated.



Josu: What?!



Kane: It seems the old guy in the photograph



JoJo-main: ,had already found his son Yoshikage Kira's whereabouts.



Kane: He said it wasn't just about protecting his son anymore,



Kane: and that he was going to start attacking, as well.



Kane: And this morning, a brand new Stand user eliminated a Stand user named Koichi...



Kane: That's all he said.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Kino: Hmm... This is rather...



Kino: Whoa! Th-This door will be about , yen!



Kino: And the design is from the Victorian and Edwardian eras!



Kino: It uses materials made in England, too...



Kino: This is going to cost quite a bit.



Roha: He said he didn't want anyone to see his back...



Roha: Was he acting like that on his way to my house, as well?



Roha: Here you go.



Kno: Oh, thank you.



Roha: Please, before it gets cold.



Kino: Oh, don't mind me.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Kosa: I need to control myself...



Kosa: Not yet...



 ,Sh



 ,Shi



 ,Shini



 ,Shinin



 ,Shining



 ,Shining D



 ,Shining Di



 ,Shining Dia



 ,Shining Diamo



 ,Shining Diamon



 ,Shining Diamond



Sign: Jo



Sign: Josuke



Sign: Josuke Higashi



Sign: Josuke Higashikata



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Kane: I hope they're able to find Koichi safely...



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Oku: ! He's nowhere! Not at home, school,



Oku: or anywhere!



Oku: Koichi! Koichi!



Oku: Where are you, Koichi?!



Oku: I'm not giving up!



JoJo-main: ,I'll find you, whatever it takes, Koichi!



Josu: That's what's going on.



Josu: So I was wondering if you would use your sense of smell



JoJo-main: ,and tracking abilities to help me find Koichi,



Jjosu: Yuya Fungami.



Josu: I'll fix your injuries. This is a trade-off.



Josu: A trade-off?



Yuya: You can't be serious, Josuke! Don't underestimate me!



Yuya: You're the one who put me in this condition, and I'll never forgive you!



Yuya: Do you think that my pride would actually allow me to help you?



Josu: I guess it's a no, after all.



JoJo-main: ,I thought it was useless to begin with.



Josu: Well, see you around. I don't have time to waste.



Yuya: Wait, huh?! You're gonna back off that easily?



Yuya: W-Wait a second, hey!



Yuya: Come on, haggle with me a little more.



Yuya: Okay, fine! I'll help you out!



Yuya: Come on, now, ...



Yuya: If I keep acting tough,



JoJo-main: ,I'll just be in the hospital longer. The only one losing out is me.



Yuya: I can't be nice to my girls with my body in this condition,



Yya: so I'm getting worried and lonely lately,



JoJo-main: ,thinking that they might leave me.



Yuya: This all happened because I got into an accident to begin with,



Yuya: so I've got nothing against you.



Yuya: So hurry up and fix me up, will ya?



Yuya: These injuries are k*lling me!



Josu: I already fixed you up using Shining Diamond.



Yuya: Huh?



Yua: You know...



Yuya: I really am a hot, beautiful guy.



Yuya: Saying that I resemble a Michelangelo sculpture would be putting it lightly.



Yuya: But you know, I think my eyes are a bit droopier than before...



Yuya: Can your Stand actually fix me up %?



Josu: Stop complaining!



JoJo-main: ,More importantly, just how well does your sense of smell work?



Yuya: Let's see... I mean,



JoJo-main: ,I don't want you to think of me like some hunting dog, but...



Sfx: Sniff



Sfx: Sniff



Sfx: Sniff



Yuya: For example, I can tell that three girls are walking up the hall right now.



Yuya: This smell is Reiko, Akemi, and Yoshie.



Yuya: They're my groupies.



Yuya: And I can also tell they're coming here from the pachinko parlor.



Rei: Yu! How are you feeling?



Ake: Ah, Yu! Yu is out of bed!



Yuya: Yo.



Yosh: Are you all better, Yu?



All: Yu!



Yuya: There, there, my cute little kittens.



Rei: You're Josuke!



Ake: What are you doing here?



JoJo-main: ,Looking for an a*s whooping?



Yuya: Hey, stop. I have nothing against Josuke anymore.



Yuya: More importantly, you guys were just playing pachinko, right?



Rei: Huh?



Yosh: How did you know?



Yuya: Your skirts reek of sweat around the a*s.



Yuya: The only reason you guys would sit on a vinyl chair



JoJo-main: ,for a long time would be pachinko.



Yuya: Akemi, you have chocolate?



Yuya: You won at pachinko, didn't you?



Ake: You're right! You're amazing, Yu.



Ake: Here, these are for you.



Yuya: As you can see,



Yuya: I'm the man I am because of these girls.



Yuya: You fixed my injuries, so I'll help you out.



Josu: You said you're not like a hunting dog?



Josu: You're more than that, Yuya Fungami!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Kino: What's the matter?



JoJo-main: ,The floor upstairs is also burnt, right?



Kino: I'll give you an estimate, so please, go ahead.



Woha: What's with him?



Roha: Why does he go to such lengths to hide his back?



Roha: What's going to happen if I see it?



Roha: I-I want to see it!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,At this point, I can't help wanting to look!



Roha: Even if it means tricking him...



Roha: Oh, it itches... It itches...



Roha: But I can't quite reach it.



Roha: Would it be rude if I asked someone I just met to scratch my back?



Kino: That's fine...



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Josu: This is it.



JoJo-main: ,This is where we found just Koichi's bag lying on the ground.



Josu: Koichi's house is less than two minutes away.



Josu: How did this new Stand user attack



JoJo-main: ,Koichi and take him away on his way to school?



Josu: No one saw him.



Yuya: Josuke...



Yuya: Our deal doesn't include me fighting, right?



Yuya: You just want me to track, right?



Yuya: I don't have to fight the enemy, right, Josuke?



Josu: Why are you asking that now?



Yuya: You were already being followed.



Yuya: It's that man.



Yuya: I smell the same scent as Koichi from that man.



Yuya: He has something of Koichi's on him!



Josu: What? That one over there?



Josu: Wait! Come back here!



Josu: You! What did you do to Koichi?!



Josu: M-Mom?



Josu: Mom!



Josu: This is definitely my mom.



Josu: She's unconscious, but she's alive.



Yuya: I was watching from here, but I couldn't tell...



Yuya: When did he change into Josuke's mom?



Yuya: I heard that Jotaro can stop time for two seconds,



Yuya: but this is nothing like that!



Yuya: Jotaro wouldn't be able to bring in a random person from nowhere!



Josu: If he had come after me directly,



Josu: I wouldn't have minded just knocking him out...



Josu: But that villain went after my mom...



Josu: Guys like that are unforgivable!



Josu: Guys who play dirty tricks like this!



Josu: Yuya! Where is he?



JoJo-main: ,Where'd the villain disappear to?!



Yuya: If you were touching him and don't know,



Yuya: then how would I know?



Yuya: B-But he's still here, Josuke...



Yuya: He's nearby. His scent hasn't cleared yet!



Teru: Hmm... Yuya Fungami, huh?



Teru: It's a bit surprising that his nose works that well.



Teru: Though I was fine with getting caught when I started following him, anyway.



Teru: I was planning on bringing out Josuke's mother, either way...



Teru: In order to observe Josuke.



Teru: Observe...



Teru: My Stand, Misterioso, observes.



Teru: Misterioso carefully observes Koichi Hirose and your mother, as well.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Tomo: That kid seriously pisses me off.



Tomo: I'll just eat his pudding, then!



Tomo: Josuke! So you were still home.



Tomo: You're here, right?



Sign: These areyour panties



Teru: Everyone feels fear.



Teru: It's no use trying to hide your feelings or expressions of fear.



Teru: The fear that lies deep within one's heart



Teru: can never be erased...



Teru: No matter who you are.



Tomo: Wh-Who are you? How did you get in here?



Teru: I just figured it out now by watching you,



Teru: but you seem to have a habit of



JoJo-main: ,swallowing your saliva when you're scared, don't you?



Teru: Everyone shows some kind of subconscious sign when they're scared.



Teru: A habit displayed when they're truly scared...



Teru: Have you never realized it?



Tomo: I'm asking you who you are!



Tomo: I'm not giving you any money!



JoJo-main: ,Get out of here!



Teru: Do I look like a burglar to you?



JoJo-main: ,I don't want your money. Actually, I'd prefer to pay you.



Teru: After all, I'm having so much fun right now.



Teru: I'm having such fun with the attention you're giving me.



Teru: The fact that you're giving me attention out of fear, that is.



Sign: Gulp



Teru: Oh? You swallowed again, didn't you?



Teru: See? You just swallowed again!



Teru: That's definitely the sign that you're scared!



Teru: And once the sign of your fear is discovered,



Teru: my Misterioso completes its invincible attack!



Teru: I was able to turn Tomoko Higashikata,



Sign: TomokoHigashikata



Teru: as well as Koichi Hirose, into paper with ease!



Sgn: KoichiHirose



Teru: When I slightly startled Koichi on his way to school,



Teru: his sign of fear was blinking twice.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I could tell immediately.



Josu: Yuya, I'm asking you where the scent is coming from!



Teru: No matter how tough Josuke is, I thought that he'd



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,be scared if I brought out his mom all of a sudden, but...



Teru: Sure enough, I saw Josuke's sign.



Teru: Josuke definitely bites his lower lip when he's scared!



sign___Ba_dump,Sfx: Ba-dump



Teru: The next time Josuke gets scared and shows that sign,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Misterioso will eliminate Josuke from this world!



Josu: Yuya, you keep looking at my mom.



Josu: Could it be...



Josu: Is it this jacket? Is there something inside the pockets?



Josu: I don't know what kind of Stand it is, but is it in this pocket?



Teru: Oh? Is he going to bite his lower lip?!



Teru: Come on, bite it!



Josu: Yuya, answer me! Is he in here?!



Teru: ! Looks like he's not scared yet.



Yuya: Josuke, I didn't promise to help you fight.



Yuya: I only promised I would track.



Yuya: Going any further is way too dangerous.



Yuya: I accepted this deal because you fixed my injuries,



Yuya: but only a fool would put himself in danger after that.



Yuya: I'm sorry, but that guy is too creepy!



Josu: Then I'll have to see for myself.



Josu: There's nothing in there. Both pockets are empty.



Josu: Other than this piece of paper...



Yuya: The scent is no longer in the pocket...



Yuya: Could it be...



Yuya: Don't! If I were you, I wouldn't unfold that piece of paper!