Sign: QuickDial



Sign: Redial



Sign: Call



Sign: Function



Sign: Silent



Sign: Memo



Kira: Good morning.



JoJo-main: ,This is Kosaku Kawajiri.



Kira: I realize this is selfish of me,



JoJo-main: ,but I will be around fifteen minutes late to the office.



Kira: Yes. I have to discipline my unreasonable son.



Kira: Yes, sir. I realize this would sound highly trivial to anyone else. Yes.



Kira: I am terribly sorry.



Kira: Yes, as soon as I'm done.



JoJo-main: ,Yes, I'll head right to the office.



Kira: Yes.



JoJo-main: ,Yes. If you'll excuse me, sir.



Kira: Curse that Kosaku Kawajiri being so apologetic.



Kiira: Did you want to climb the corporate ladder that badly,



JoJo-main: ,despite how anxious you were?



Kira: The reason Josuke went into that house



Kira: is because he knew he'd have the upper hand in a close-quarters battle.



Kira: I will admit that's true.



Kira: It's best that I avoid close-quarters combat with Shining Diamond.



Kira: If I can figure out just where Josuke is,



Kira: I can shoot an air b*llet from here, but...



Guy?: Hey, you.



Guy?: What do you think you're doing on this property?



Guy: What? Are you saying you're not on this property?



Guy: Don't get nitpicky with me, Mr. Goody Two-shoes.



Kira: Is this your house?



JoJo-main: ,How long have you been watching?



Guy: Hey, I'm the one asking the questions here.



JoJo-main: ,I live next door.



Guy: I was thinking about sleeping past noon



JoJo-main: ,when I was woken up by some kind of noise.



Guy: You make me suspicious.



Guy: Rio, from next door, said her underwear gets stolen all the time.



Guy: And since everyone's gone around this time...



Kira: I'm envious...



Guy: Huh?



Kira: Of all the free time you seem to have.



Guy: Hey, are you running away?



Guy:  him... Going after Rio like that.



Gguy: Pisses me off!



Guy: He was an underwear thief after all!



Guy: These panties...



Guy: Th-They're Rio's...



Guy: P-P-Pan...



Guy: Woohoo! I'm so lucky!



Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



Sign: Episode    Shining D (Diamond) is Unbreakable, Part 



Haya: I-It's no use! The phone line's been cut!



Josu: Okuyasu is dead...



Josu: I'm going to beat the crap out of



JoJo-main: ,Yoshikage Kira with my Shining Diamond and defeat him.



Josu: I'm going to end this within a few minutes.



Josu: Hayato, stay along the wall there so that Kira can't see you.



Josu: Where is he...



Josu: going to enter from... is the question.



Haya: Huh?!



Haya: Wh-What?



Haya: J-Josuke!



Haya: It's an air b*llet!



JoJo-main: ,There's one heading toward you right now!



Haya: It's about the same size as earlier...



JoJo-main: ,B-But that's impossible!



Haya: There's no way he can tell where you are from outside!



JoJo-main: ,How does he know?!



Josu: Great...



Kira: I know, Josuke Higashikata...



JoJo-main: ,I know the exact distance.



Kira: Three meters until impact...



Haya: I... I can tell...



JoJo-main: ,We can tell where the ball of air is.



JoJo-main: ,Yes!



Haya: You'll be able to dodge it!



JoJo-main: ,No matter how many come through, you'll be able to dodge them... now...



Josu: What?



Haya: I-It's going after Josuke?



Josu: Yoshikage Kira knows where I am.



Josu: Where is he? How is he seeing me?



Haya: There were no windows in that room!



Haya: The curtains are all drawn, too!



Haya: There's no way he can see you from outside!



Haya: It's automatic! It must be automatically chasing you!



Josu: No, that's not right.



Josu: The version of Deadly Queen that's



JoJo-main: ,automatic goes after heat and is called Heart Attack.



Josu: But... It's not going after the lit cigarette there.



Josu: More importantly, if it was automatically tracking me,



JoJo-main: ,the air b*llet wouldn't be able to go through the wall,



Josu: and Yoshikage Kira plans to do the final detonation himself to finish me off.



Josu: It's a mystery, but he knows exactly where I am!



Haya: It's getting faster!



Josu: Find Kira for me!



JoJo-main: ,Find out how he's watching me!



Haya: I-I found him!



Haya: H-He's right outside the gate.



Kira: Two meters until impact...



Josu: He's outside?



Haya: I can't figure out how he's able to pinpoint your location from there, Josuke.



Haya: Hurry and run!



Josu: That one! I don't know how he's watching me...



Kira: One more meter!



Josu: But I didn't want you chasing me in the first place!



Josu: Shining Diamond!



Kira: All right, it's going to impact on Josuke!



JoJo-main: ,Detonate!



Kira: Yes! It was a direct hit!



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: My, my, that was close.



Kira: But I was on my guard.



Kra: Your willpower to try to get one final blow in...



Kira: That's why I won't go near you, Josuke Higashikata.



Haya: J-Josuke!



Haya: H-He's alive...



Kira: Hmph. It was a direct hit, but he wasn't blown away.



Kira: There's a slight discrepancy when I detonate by hand...



Kira: But the damage is absolute.



Kira: I can finish him off with the next shot!



Haya: W-We... We have to get away from here!



Josu: Y-You're pulling me the wrong way...



Josu: This is the opposite direction...



Josu: Not that way... It's the opposite direction!



Josu: I'm going to k*ll him!



Josu: We need to go in the direction of Yoshikage Kira...



Josu: My Shining Diamond



Josu: can't fix my own wounds...



Josu: But once my blood has left my body and hardened, it's just another object.



Josu: It's no longer part of me.



Josuu: Therefore, I can gather it and stick it onto other things.



Josu: So I stuck some inside a shard of glass.



Josu: The rain stopped, and the blood stain on his jacket earlier...



Josu: should have hardened by now!



Josu: That's my automatic tracking b*mb.



Signbot: Sh



Signbot: Shi



Signbot: Shin



Signbot: Shini



Signbot: Shining



Signbot: Shining Di



Signbot: Shining Dia



Signbot: Shining Diam



Signbot: Shining Diamo



Signbot: Shining Diamon



Signbot: Shining Diamond



Signtop: Jo



Signtop: Josuke



Signtop: Josuke Higashi



Signtop: Josuke Higashikata



Kira: The shard of glass that I was able to guard against...



Kira: It must be this blood stain...



Kira: This stain must have led that glass shard right to me!



Haa: I-It was a direct hit!



Haya: It's embedded right into Kira's back!



Josu: That's...



Kira: Josuke Higashikata's Shining Diamond is a Stand whose actions I can't foresee...



Kira: But the damage Josuke sustained is greater than mine.



Kira: Just one more shot!



JoJo-main: ,One more shot and I, Yoshikage Kira, will be victorious!



Haya: I-It's here! Th-This one's big enough to see!



Josu: That must mean...



Josu: that this is his final shot.



Josu: This will be mine, too!



Haya: I-I don't think the same attack will work twice on Kira!



Haya: He'll dodge it!



Josu: We'll just have to see about that...



Josu: By the way, Hayato, sorry,



Josu: but the lighter from earlier is in my pocket.



Josu: Could you get it for me?



Josu: It's a bit hard for me to get it myself with



JoJo-main: ,this pole sticking out of my stomach.



Haya: The smoke is useless now!



Haya: You can see the air b*llet!



Josu: The air b*llet isn't what I want to use the lighter to see this time.



Josu: I'm going to look at something else... So...



Josu: Let's find out why he can see where I am.



Josu: Don't move, Hayato.



Haya: J-Josuke? Wh-What are you...



Josu: Stay still, Hayato.



Josu: He might not be watching...



Josu: He might be listening.



Josu: Kira had a cell phone.



JoJo-main: ,Did he just happen to have it? No!



Josu: So then, who was he talking to?



Josu: Was it his boss from the office? No, that's not right.



Josu: There's only one person that Kira would be calling right now...



Josu: I'd completely forgotten about you, old man in the picture...



Josu: The one who's trying to protect Yoshikage Kira!



Haya: I have no idea when he got inside my pocket, but...



Haya: So this was the answer!



Haya: Th-The air b*llet passed through the window!



Josu: Get back!



Haya: It impacted!



Josu: Josuke... is running away three meters ahead.



Dad: Sh-!



Haya: I-It passed him!



Josu: And he's now moving diagonally right, then up... Three meters.



Haya: He hasn't figured out that it's Josuke because he's using a raspy voice!



Josu: And now, he's running away one meter to the left...



Dad: What?! How can you do that, ?!



Josu: Right there. Detonate!



Dad: Yoshikage!



Kirra: I did it! Josuke's been blown away, hasn't he?



Josu: Yeah, he was gloriously blown away.



Josu: All the way to Hell, with my directions.



Josu: Though, I mean, he was a ghost to begin with,



Josu: so it's more like he finally made it over.



Kira: Josuke...



Kira: J-Josuke!



Kira: Th-This must be some kind of mistake...



Kira: Something this horrible...



Kira: should not be happening in my life...



JoJo-main: ,when I just want to live as peacefully as a plant...



Kira: But what I mustn't forget at times like these



Kira: is that it's in times like these,



Kira: horrible times like these,



Kira: that opportunities present themselves.



Kira: I've learned that in the past.



Kira: When I'm backed into a corner, if I think things through rationally,



Kira: opportunities will make themselves available!



Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, have always done this.



Kira: There is no trouble that I was



Kira: unable to overcome...



Kira: Ever!



Josu: You're within my range...



Jossu: Yoshikage Kira!



Haya: H-He's near him!



Haya: H-He finally got near him!



Haya: This is a close-quarters match, and it'll be over in an instant.



Haya: Josuke's ability is greater,



Haya: b-but if Kira touches him,he'll be turned into a b*mb!



Haya: A-And the wounds in Josuke's leg and torso from that blast...



Haya: Josuke, you shouldn't even be able to stand right now.



Kira: Josuke Higashikata!



Josu: Bring out... your Deadly Queen...



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: H-He's strong...



Kira: I'm going to be defeated...



Kira: I, Yoshikage Kira, am going to be defeated!



Haya: N-No... How could...



Haya: We were so close! Josuke is stronger than him!



Haya: Is fate really on the side of that m*rder*r?



Josu: M-My fists didn't hit him...



Kira: These air b*ll*ts acted like cushions!



Kira: B-But it wasn't my intention to have it guard me...



JoJo-main: ,I didn't have time for that!



Kira: Stray Cat!



Kira: I see... Stray Cat thought it was being attacked,



Kira: so it instinctively blocked the attack!



Kira: This is my chance! This is that chance!



Kira: A opportunity has presented itself at the worst of times, after all!



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: Change that air b*llet into a b*mb!



Kira: I've won!



Kira: I've changed it into a contact b*mb!



JoJo-main: ,It'll explode if anyone touches it.



Kira: Josuke, with the damage you're currently suffering from,



Kira: you won't have the strength to dodge this!



Josu: Yoshikage Kira!



Haya: It's a contact b*mb?!



Haya: Josuke! It doesn't matter if it's glass or wood!



JoJo-main: ,Hit that and take cover!



Kira: I've won! This always happens when life deals its worst to me!



Kira: Luck is on the side of Yoshikage Kira!



Kira: Wh-What?!



Hhaya: Th-The air b*llet went off its course!



Kira: Y-You're...



Haya: You're...



Josu: You're...



Both: O-Okuyasu!



Oku: You know, I always wonder



Ok: where all the stuff I scrape away with The Hand goes.



Oku: Though I'm not really smart,



JoJo-main: ,so whenever I think too much about anything, I get a headache.



Oku: There.



Kira: What?!



Haya: I-I can't believe it... I-It's Okuyasu.



Haya: But his heart and breathing had completely stopped...



Oku: I had a weird dream...



Oku: While I was walking amid the darkness in that dream, I saw a light.



Oku: And I saw my dead brother...



Oku: My big brother, Keicho.



Oku: He asked me where I was going,



Oku: so I said that I was going to follow him.



Oku: I mean, my Bro was always reliable.



Oku: He never made any bad decisions, so I'd have nothing to worry about.



Oku: But then he said I should decide for myself.



Oku: He said, "Okuyasu, you're the one who has to decide where you're going to go."



Oku: I thought for a bit,



Oku: and answered that I was going back to Morioh, and then I woke up.



Oku: It was a really sad dream.



Josu: Okuyasu...



Josu: Y-You've got some nerve, dreaming at a time like this!



Oku: There's that lousy attitude! Despite your wounds,



Oku: you seem pretty okay.



Josu: Shut up!



Josu: If you were alive, you should have woken up sooner, !



Kira: I-Impossible... Fate should have been on my side...



Kira: I should have been given my opportunity!



Kira: Stray Cat! Shoot another shot!



Kira: Wh-What?!



Oku: Wh-Wh-Whoa... Whoa, there.



Haya: Y-Yes! Now Kira won't be able to use his air b*llet bombs!



Kira: Th-Th-There's...



Kira: There has never been any trouble that I, Yoshikage Kira, was unable to overcome!



Koi: Look, Jotaro!



Koi: That loud sound must've come from that house.



Koi: I wonder what happened. Was it a gas expl*si*n?



Koi: L-Look! That man is injured!



Koi: Josuke and Okuyasu are there, too!



Roha: That kid is Hayato Kawajiri from the picture.



Jojo: And that man is Kosaku Kawajiri.



Jojo: It looks like everything's falling into place.



Haya: Any fate that would side with you...



Haya: Any opportunity that would come your way...



Haya: is nothing compared to the heart of justice that's here right now!



Haya: It's definitely here! It's right here for sure!



Haya: Compared to that heart, you're nothing!