Shin: Hello, Kawajiri residence.



Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM



Shin: Huh? No, it's not.



Kawa: I see. Well done, Hayato.



Kaw: You protected me from that nuisance, Rohan.



Shin: I'm telling you that you have the wrong number.



Shin: Goodbye.



Kawa: They had the wrong number.



Kira: Now, then...



Kira: I guess I'll head to work so I can make



Kira: my precious family happy.



Kira: But first, do you mind if I give you a goodbye kiss?



Shin: Huh?



Shin: What are you doing?! My precious teapot...



Shin: Why would you do that?!



Shin: I never know what you're thinking!



Shin: You never even answer me! Why?!



Shin: Honestly...



Haya: Mom, he's not human.



Haya: If I say anything about him to anyone,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they'll be blown away, and the morning will reset.



Haya: If we just keep letting him do what he wants,



Haya: it might not happen now, but he'll eventually k*ll me and my mom.



Haya: R-Rohan Kishibe...



Haya: There was someone other than Kira who had abilities.



Haya: I have to do something about Rohan Kishibe.



Haya: The only one who can save me and my mom and defeat Kira



Haya: is someone with abilities like Rohan Kishibe!



Haya: Th-There he is. It's Rohan.



Haya: If I meet Rohan, he'll be blown away and die...



Haya: And then I'll repeat the same morning again.



Haya: I have to tell Rohan about him without meeting him.



Haya: I'm going to change fate!



Sfx: Flip



Haya: Wh-What is this?!



Sign: [Warning]



Sign: [Warning]You mustn't read any further.



Haya: It's Rohan's ability that he used one me the last morning!



Guy:  it.



Haya: I was hiding from Rohan this time!



JoJo-main: ,Rohan didn't even see me!



Kira: Once fate has happened, it can't be changed...



Kira: Hayato.



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM



Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!



Sign: Episode       Bites the Dust, Part 



Kira: You seem to be under the impression that you purposely broke the teapot,



Kira: but that is incorrect.



Kira: Whatever broke last morning will break again, no matter what.



Kira: It'll happen because it's meant to be.



Kira: That is what fate is.



Kira: If you were turned into a book last morning,



Kira: you'll turn into a book, no matter what.



Kira: This is why Deadly Queen Bites the Dust is invincible.



Kira: It erases my identity and returns everything else to what it was.



Kira: That means I get to observe Rohanexploding before I head to work.



Sign: It rained.



Sign: At : AM, lightning struck above the Pepsi sign.



Haya: I can't let Rohan die!



Haya: I have to save Rohan!



Kira: Ah, Rohan Kishibe.



Kira: Watch carefully.



Kira: He has no idea why he's dying right now.



Kira: I wonder if he's thinking about how he won't be able to draw his manga anymore.



Rei: R-Rohan...



Rei: N-No!



Kira: Hayato, the very fact that you met Rohan will disappear,



JoJo-main: ,and the morning will continue on.



Kira: If I undo Bites the Dust right now,



JoJo-main: ,Rohan's death will just become fact and not repeat again...



Kira: But for now, I won't undo it.



Kira: A few of his friends should also be showing up, after all.



Kira: You're going to automatically defeat them for me, as well.



Kira: Just like a landmine.



Kira: But Bites the Dust won't cause you any harm,



Kira: so you should relax and enjoy your fun life as a young boy.



Kira: Well, I have to head to the station.



Kira: Make sure you study hard.



Haya: It's all my fault. It's because he met me...



Haya: Rohan Kishibe was k*lled because he met me!



Haya: Can't I do anything to defeat him?



Koi: Um... Can I ask you something?



Koi: Do you know what time it is?



Koi: My watch doesn't seem to be working right.



Koi: Hello? Are you listening?



Haya: It's :...



Koi: Huh? Haven't I seen you somewhere before?



Koi: Where was it?



Koi: Do you know who I am?



Haya: No...



Koi: Huh... I guess I was imagining it.



Koi: Sorry for saying something weird.



Koi: :... Thanks!



Koi: Jotaro! It really is past :.



Koi: Strange, though... I wonder where Rohan-sensei went.



Haya: Th-They're Rohan Kishibe's friends!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,They were supposed to meet up!



Koi: He left the car door wide open and the key in the ignition.



Haya: They probably have the same abilities...



Haya: Th-They also came to ask me about Yoshikage Kira.



Koi: That's not like Rohan-sensei...



Haya: Crap! If they find out that I'm Hayato Kawajiri



Koi: That's Rohan-sensei's earring.



Haya: and ask me about my dad...



Josu: Sorry about that.



JoJo-main: ,I overslept and was late meeting up with my friends.



Oku: Huh? I've seen you before... Where was it?



Koi: Ah, Josuke and Okuyasu.



Josu: Yo.



Oku: Yo, Koichi. Good morning, Jotaro.



Josu: What, so Rohan's the only one who's not here yet?



Haya: A-And two more...



Haya: When he said his friends were going to show up...



Josu: We won't know where Hayato Kawajiri's house is if he's not here.



Haya: He must have been talking about them!



Josu: I just remembered I accidentally grabbed onto this.



Josu: Here you go. Your hat.



Haya: Th-Thanks...



Koi: That angle...



Koi: It's that angle. I'm sure I've seen him before...



Koi: Where was it? I know I've seen him...



Jojo: Koichi. Look at the name on his backpack.



Koi: Huh?



sign___Hayato_Kawajiri,Sign: Hayato Kawajiri



Koi: Hayato Kawajiri?!



Both: What?!



Haya: I-I've been found out!



Sign: Wake up



Sign: The weather report begins



Sign: Kira leaves the house



Sign: Hayato meets Rohan



Sign: Lightning strikes the Pepsi sign



Sign: Rohan Kishibe dies from expl*si*n



Sign: July th (Fri)  : AM



Jojo: Hayato Kawajiri...



Oku: What are you doing here?



Josu: Is it a coincidence?



Koi: D-Does this have to do with Rohan-sensei not being here?



Haya: If these four start asking me about my dad...



Hya: They're all going to be blown away!



Haya: N-No! Don't ask me any questions...



Haya: If you guys die, too, who's going to defeat him?



Haya: Even if I have to deceive them...



Haya: I can't let these people die, no matter what!



Jojo: I want to ask you about this photo...



Jojo: I want to know why you were recording a video in this photo.



Jojo: Why were you recording your da—



Haya: M-My nose is bleeding!



Haya: I need to go to the clinic! My nose is gushing blood!



JoJo-main: ,I-I... Bye!



Josu: Hold it.



Josu: Your nose is bleeding? Let me see.



Josu: Here. What happened?



Haya: I have to go. Excuse me.



Josu: You don't need to go to a clinic.



Josu: Your nose isn't bleeding.



Haya: Huh?



Haya: Huh?!



Josu: My name is Josuke Higashikata.



Josu: He's a relative of mine, Jotaro Kujo.



Josu: The one with the scary face over there is Okuyasu Nijimura.



Josu: And the friendly-looking guy there is Koichi Hirose.



Josu: You go to Budogaoka Elementary, don't you?



JoJo-main: ,Then you won't be late just yet.



Josu: We just have some questions...



Josu: about this picture.



Josu: If it's nothing, then that's fine.



Haya: W-Well, it is something! Don't ask me any questions!



Haya: You can't ask me any questions!



Josu: Is the person in this picture



Josu: your da—



Haya: No! Don't say any more!



Haya: I-It's no use...



Haya: Now they're going to ask even more questions.



Josu: What do you mean by "Don't say anymore"?



Haa: One after another...



Jojo: What are we not supposed to say?



Hya: I can't stop it anymore!



Koi: Are you talking about your dad?



Haya: They're going to explode!



Haya: They're all going to explode!



Koi: You suddenly shouted, "No!"



Josu: "Don't say any more"?



Oku: But we didn't ask you anything yet.



Jojo: Could it be...



Jojo: that even asking you a question is a bad idea?



Haya: They're going to explode... Explode... Explode...



Haya: I know...



Haya: I-If I die, no one else will have to die!



Haya: Since I'm the b*mb, I just need to die!



Haya: If I die, I'm sure these people will be able to defeat him and save my mom!



Josu: Come on, ask him about Kosaku Kawajiri already.



Jojo: Wait, Josuke. Something's wrong.



Josu: What are you crouching down for?



Haya: I-It won't go through...



Haya: For some reason, the box cutter won't go into my throat!



Jojo: That's...



Josu: That Stand...



Oku: I'd never forget it after seeing it once!



Koi: Deadly Queen!



Kira: To be more precise,



Kira: its Deadly Queen's third b*mb, Bites the Dust.



Kira: It's already too late to attack.



JoJo-main: ,If you're seeing me, that means I'm already inside your eyes.



Kira: It doesn't matter how many of you there are, because all at once...



Kira: You tried to find out my identity!



Shin: What, you're already awake?



Shin: I'm glad you replied for once when I called you, but there's no need to yell.



Shin: Breakfast is ready, so come on.



Haya: I couldn't stop it... Those four got attacked, too.



Haya: It's no use... No matter how hard I try,



Haya: in an hour, fate is going to eliminate those four, too...



Haya: I can't even k*ll myself.



Haya: My dying would be troublesome to him,



Haya: so Bites the Dust must be automatically protecting me.



Haya: He's too strong...



Haya: Yoshikage Kira is too much of a monster.



Haya: Either he has to die, or he has to undoBites the Dust for whatever reason,



Hayya: or those four are going to die for sure.



Haya: Either he has to die, or he has to undo Bites the Dust...



Haya: I always thought there was no way I could ever k*ll someone.



Hayya: There was no way an -year-old boy like me could k*ll a monster like that.



Haya: But there is one way!



Haya: A way for an -year-old like me to k*ll him...



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Just one.



Haya: And it's sleeping quietly in the dark attic like a g*n resting in an armory.



Haya: For the first time in my life, I was praying to God from the bottom of my heart.



Haya: "Lord, please let me k*ll this man somehow."



Haya: I was right.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,This cat-like plant starts moving when sunlight hits it,



Haya: and then attacks by shooting air b*ll*ts.



Haya: And even with just this little bit of light in the room, it's so destructive.



Hay: This behavior...



Haya: I'll utilize this behavior



Haya: and attack him with an air b*llet at point blank range.



Haya: Point blank range...



Haya: But when and how am I supposed to do that?



Hya: I can't do it in or near the house.



Haya: Mom's here.



Haya: That's it... My hat!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He'll come to put the hat on my head.



Haya: That'll be point blank range!



Haya: My chance will be when he comes into range behind me.



Haya: That's when I have to do it!



Ann: What? No way! We're on the air already?



ANN: Er, um... It's now :...



Haya: Dad was saying that he wanted another cup of coffee.



Haya: Hello?



Haya: No, you've got the wrong number.



Haya: This isn't the Sakurai residence.



Shin: Here you go, darling. Thanks for waiting.



JoJo-main: ,Here's your fresh cup of coffee.



Kira: Right...



Kira: It's a lovely morning.



Kira: I guess it wouldn't hurt to have another cup before I go to work.



Haya: Fate doesn't change with Bites the Dust, right?



Haya: Something that's been destroyed once will be destroyed, no matter how much I fight it.



Haya: You said that, didn't you?



Shin: My precious tea set!



Haya: Serves you right!



Haya: All right, Mom, I'm heading to school!



Haya: I'll be there for you. I'll protect you forever, Mom!



Shin: I can't believe it.



Shin: I really never have any idea what he's thinking... But...



Shin: Maybe he's not so bad after all.



Shin: Oh, it's fine. I'll clean that up.



Shin: There's nothing we can do now that it's broken.



Shin: More importantly, did you get burnt?



Kira: No... I'm fine.



Haya: He's not here yet...



Haya: H-He's not here... He's not here yet.



Haya: S-Something's wrong. He should have already been here by now...



Haya: Why isn't he here?



Girl: Ugh, the forecast didn't say it was going to rain!



Haya: I-It's starting to rain!



Haya: Did fate change because I left the house before him?



Haya: No, that can't be!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,If he's coming to put the hat on my head,



Haya: he should definitely come up from behind me.



Haya: L-Lightning struck the Pepsi sign!



Haya: Calm down. Calm down! There are still two minutes left!



Haya: There's more than two minutes before Rohan Kishibe is automatically blown away.



Haya: I need to believe in fate—



Haya: H-He's already by that tree... He's already right there!



Kira: What a lovely morning. But Hayato was acting strangely...



Kira: What was that?



Kira: It's just a hunch, but something was strange...



Kira: It appears that we've repeated this morning



Kira: three... no, four times now.



Haya: I-Is he just that intuitive?



Haya: But there's no more time!



Haya: I'll just have to attack him from here.



Haya: D-Did he figure out that I have the cat plant,



JoJo-main: ,and that's why he's not coming near me?



Haya: No... He's too close if he knows that.



Haya: But I have to completely defeat him in one shot.



Hhaya: If I miss, Rohan will explode, and then he'll undo Bites the Dust



Haya: after the other four are eliminated.



Haya: If that happens, he's going to win!



Haya: There's no time!  it...



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Just one more step to the left!



Haya: If he just steps out from behind that filthy tree,



Haya: I can attack!



Haya: What?! H-He's hidden himself even more!



Ira: The look in Hayato's eyes when he left the house...



Kira: He looked determined about something.



Kira: It's the same look that the loathsome Koichi Hirose and Josuke have.



Ira: My hunch is telling me to carefully observe him...



Kira: Though there really isn't much that Hayato can do...



Haya: It's too late!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Once it's a few seconds past :, the attack on Rohan Kishibe will start!



Kira: That brat is shaking.



Kira: Those eyes look like a despaired mouse drowning in a cesspool.



Kira: I guess I was just imagining his determination.



Kira: Those are definitely the eyes of a loser.



Haya: He moved!



Kira: I came to bring the hat you forgot, Hayato.



Haya: If there is a God, I thank you!



Haya: I thank the fate that got this m*rder*r to move from behind that tree!



Haya: I feel a fighting spirit burning within me!



Haya: Take this, Yoshikage Kira!



Kira: What?!



Haya: Y-Yes!



Haya: I hit him dead-on! I... I did it!



Roha: Hayato Kawajiri's not coming...



Roha: I guess he must've taken a different route to school.



Haya: This is the end, you m*rder*r!



Haya: Wh-Wh-What?!



Kira: Lately...



Haya: Impossible!



Kira: With my nails growing so quickly...



Kira: I got to thinking about how unlucky I've been lately.



Kira: But inside my pocket...



Kira: It seems like, since last night, luck is coming around to my side.



Kira: Remember when Mom's precious tea cup broke this morning?



Kra: When the coffee spilled onto my wrist, I was burned,



Kira: so I removed my watch and put it in my chest pocket.



Kira: What unbelievable luck!



Kira: If that coffee hadn't spilled this morning...



Haya: How... How is that possible? I...



Haya: I... I failed!



JoJo-main: ,I-It's almost time!