Sign: July th (Mon) : PM



Dad: Yoshikage... My son...



Dad: Where are you right now?



Dad: I'm sure you've probably changed your face and name, and have hidden yourself.



Dad: How pitiful...  And yet...



Jojo: Right. We need to find out about any people who've gone missing recently.



Jojo: Including those considered runaways.



Jose: Kira is probably hiding.



Jose: Do you think he'd commit murders again in that state?



Jojo: Serial K*llers like him can't easily keep their impulses in check.



Jojo: He will strike again.



Koi: Are you sure we don't need to do anything?



Koi: We haven't been able to find a single clue about Kira yet.



Josu: That's what I was thinking, too.



Josu: But Jotaro said it was fine.



Josu: He said he'll have us move when he finds something out,



Josu: but until then, he wants us to continue being students.



Oku: I'd rather look for Kira than study.



Oku: We managed to corner him that one time,



JoJo-main: ,so it should be pretty easy, shouldn't it?



Sign: KisaraDrug



Roha: Yes. As long as I'm repairing my house, I'd like to do some renovations, too.



Dad: Curses! He's actually taking pictures of everyone to try to find him!



Roha: I guess I'll have someone come by to give me an estimate.



Dad: Jotaro and all of his other Stand users are doing whatever they want...



Dad: I need to make a new Stand user



JoJo-main: ,to take care of those meddlesome...



Dad: Hm?



Dad: That's...



Dad: There's no doubt about it!



Dad: Even though his appearance has changed,



JoJo-main: ,our bond as father and son bring us together.



Dad: There's no way I would mistake my own son!



Dad: I've found you, Yoshikage...



Haya: I'm gonna find out



Haya: who the guy disguised as my dad really is.



Dad: It can't be...



Dad: At this rate, those Stand users will...



Dad: I won't allow it! I won't allow that to happen!



Dad: I will protect Yoshikage!



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: July th (Thurs) : AM



Koi: I'm heading out.



Koi: I'm gonna be late... And I've got class duties today!



Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 



Sign: July th (Thurs), : AM



Josu: So tired...



Josu: I stayed up way too late last night.



Oku: I got plenty of sleep, so I'm in top shape again today.



Oku: Look, Josuke.



Oku: Binoculars.



Oku: There's a pair of binoculars on the ground.



Josu: You're so easily intrigued by things that are on the ground.



Josu: Don't pick them up. They're dirty.



Oku: What? Really?



Bino: I am not dirty!



Miki: Hello, Josuke and Okuyasu.



Josu: I-It was you? Don't scare us like that, Mikitaka.



Oku: You're gonna give me a heart attack, !



Miki: Oh, stop...



Josu: Don't get bashful. It's not a compliment!



Oku: Though, yeah... You showed up at a good time.



Oku: There's something I wanted to get straightened out.



Oku: The thing about you being an alien is a lie, right?



Oku: You're just a Stand user who thinks he's an alien, right?



Oku: Stop being ambiguous and clear things up, !



Miki: I have been clear from the beginning.



Miki: I am an alien.



Oku: Why are you talking like that all of a sudden?



Josu: That's enough.



Josu: More importantly, what are you doing,



JoJo-main: ,turning into binoculars on the road like that?



Miki: Oh, yes. I wanted you two to look at that thing,



JoJo-main: ,so I was waiting here for you.



Oku: That thing?



Mki: That thing... The electrical pylon right in front of you.



Oku: Electrical pylon?



Josu: That's not really an electrical pylon.



JoJo-main: ,It's a remnant stripped of its wires that's no longer in use.



Josu: When construction started onMorioh's residential areas,



JoJo-main: ,most of the cables got put underground, so these weren't needed anymore.



Oku: What about it?



Josu: Are you trying to communicate with some other planet?



Miki: There's smoke coming out of the middle of that pylon, isn't there?



Oku: Huh?



Josu: Y-You're right...



Miki: Please take a good look at it.



Josu: H-Hey, it's a kettle!



Oku: What? In a place like that?!



Oku: It's, like,  meters off the ground!



Miki: Would you mind taking a look about five meters higher?



Josu: What the heck is that?



Oku: L-Let me see, too.



Oku: There! There he is!



Oku: There's a guy up there! He's cooking!



JoJo-overlap,Josu: What?! Let me see!



Oku: He must be living on that pylon.



Oku: He's actually making a living there!



Oku: He's fishing from the river, and even has cucumbers growing.



Oku: That's really convenient!



Josu: I see! So it's basically a self-sufficient dwelling.



Miki: Some people in this worlddo very strange things.



Josu: Look out!



Oku: H-He's...



Josu: It's a new Stand user!



Oku: Yeah! I just saw him fly!



Josu: But what's a Stand user doing living up there?



Mki: It would seem there's a need to find out more about that man.



Kane: I can see them... They're finally here.



Kane: Are they interested in me?



Kane: Come on over.



Kane: It's been a while since I've spoken to other people.



Oku: Look. It looks like he sees us, too.



Oku: Want to go over there?



Josu: Yeah, but be careful.



JoJo-main: ,We still don't know if that Stand user is a friend or foe.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Koi: Huh? D-Do you need something?



Koi: I'm in a bit of a hurry right... now...



Koi: Huh? Huh?!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Oku: Looking at it up close, it's bigger than I thought.



Kane: You guys, stop right there!



JoJo-main: ,Don't come any closer to this pylon.



Kane: Huh?



Kane: Move back a bit more.



JoJo-main: ,I just relieved myself, so you need to step back, or you'll be in trouble.



Josu: What are you talking about?



Oku: D-Don't tell me this is...



Kane: I told you so.



JoJo-main: ,You'll get covered in feces and urine!



Josu: That's gross!



Kane: Gross? How rude!



JoJo-main: ,I made it spray like that so I could fertilize the wildflowers over there!



Kane: I like to recycle everything I possibly can.



Kane: On the right are Asiatic dayflowers, mountain udo, and watercress.



Kane: They're all edible wildflowers!



Kane: Not to mention, if there are wildflowers around,



JoJo-main: ,I can catch wild rabbits that come to eat them,



JoJo-main: ,so it's k*lling two birds with one stone.



Josu: So you really are living up there?



Josu: Doesn't this pylon belong to the electric company?



Kane: What are you talking about?



JoJo-main: ,This is my house that I bought with my own money.



Kane: I bought this abandoned pylon for , yen



JoJo-main: ,and made it my own ideal self-sufficient house!



Oku: Bought?



Josu: For , yen?



Kane: That's right. Just , yen.



Kane: Because I'm self-sufficient, I don't have to work at any company.



Kane: And even if I never leave here, I get all the exercise I need by moving around the pylon.



Kane: Take a look at this spectacular view.



Josu: Huh? W-Wait a minute.



Josu: Even if you never leave? Just how long have you been living on this pylon?



Kane: Let's see... About three years now?



Oku: Th...



Josu: Three years?!



Kane: I probably haven't touched the ground in about a month.



Oku: H-Hey, Josuke. I had no idea that an idiot like this lived in Morioh.



Oku: This guy isn't an enemy, he's just a  weirdo.



Oku: I don't think he's going to attack us.



Josu: True...



JoJo-main: ,I guess, for now, we can just head back and report to Jotaro.



Josu: But...



Josu: Something's still bugging me...



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Roha: What's he doing?



Roha: Well, I guess kids take videos, too...



Roha: But since he's hiding behind that pillar,



JoJo-main: ,it looks like he's doing the same thing I am.



Roha: He's following someone and recording their actions...



Roha: Could he be recording someone here?



Sign: Hayato Kawajiri



Roha: "Hayato Kawajiri," huh...



Roha: There's something strange...



Roha: about this kid.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Tomo: I'm home.



Sign: Silence



Tomo: That's strange.



Tomo: Josuke, you haven't left for school yet?



Tomo: Josuke!



Tomo: I'm hungry.



Tomo: Josuke, that villain... This is so rude!



Tomo: How dare he take a bite out of my favorite



JoJo-main: ,Kamakura Custar and then put it back in the fridge?!



Tomo: Not to mention, there should have been two left.



Tomo: That kid seriously pisses me off.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Josu: Hey, something fell out of your pocket.



Josu: Is that a photograph?



Kane: Would you guys mind leaving now?



Kane: You don't have to pick it up. I'll get it myself later.



Josu: It looks like a Polaroid. What's he panicking for?



Kane: Seriously, it's okay! Just leave!



Josu: What?! You're...



Oku: Hey! J-J-Josuke!



Josu: You're Kira's dad!



Josu: I knew the ghost dad was involved in this!



Kane: So you've finally come in. I've been waiting for this.



Kane: When you tell people to come in, they become guarded and don't come in.



Kane: But if you tell people not to come in, they get annoyed and come in.



Kane: You've finally stepped into Superfly, Josuke Higashikata!



JoJo-main: ,Wh-What?!



Dad: Well done, Toyohiro Kanedaichi!



Dad: Well done luring that idiot Josuke into Superfly!



Dad: I commend you!



Oku: Something's not right! Come back, Josuke!



Josu: No, Kira's dad is right there! The arrow's right there!



Josu: You!



Josu: Why, you—



Josu: What?!



Kane: You see, when someone enters this pylon,



Kane: they can't get out until the next person comes in.



JoJo-main: ,If they try to force their way out, they become a part of the pylon themselves.



Kane: That's my Stand, Superfly!



Dad: You fell for it, Josuke Higashikata!



JoJo-main: ,Don't let him get away, Toyohiro Kanedaichi!



Oku: Josuke!



Sign: S



Sign: Su



Sign: Sup



Sign: Supe



Sign: Super



Sign: Superf



Sign: Superfl



Sign: Superfly



Sign: Toyo



Sign: Toyohiro



Sign: Toyohiro Kane



Sign: Toyohiro Kaneda



Sign: Toyohiro Kanedaichi



Oku: Josuke!



Josu:  it...



Kane: I said it was my Stand,



JoJo-main: ,but Superfly isn't a Stand that I can control.



Kane: It's actually an independent Stand.



Kane: I can finally leave, now that you guys have shown up.



Kane: Even I, its user, was held c*ptive by Superfly.



Kane: Well, good luck living here in my stead!



Oku: That one!



JoJo-main: ,He must've been working with the guy in the photograph.



Miki: Okuyasu, is there anything that I can do?



Oku: You'll just get hurt, so stay out of it.



Oku: Your job's over.



Oku: If you could actually turn into dynamite instead of



JoJo-main: ,dice or binoculars and blow this pylon up, things might be different.



Mki: That I cannot do.



JoJo-main: ,I can't produce any strength that isn't my own,



JoJo-main: ,and I can't turn into anything complicated like expl*sives.



Miki: But I'd like to be of some use.



Oku: Shut up.



Oku: I'm telling you that there's nothing you can do.



Oku: Leave the dangerous stuff to us.



Oku: That one's starting to run away because he's convinced



JoJo-main: ,that he's got him trapped in there,



Oku: but he must not know who we are.



Josu: Hey. You gonna do this, Okuyasu?



Oku: I know you're up to it, too.



Oku: What's the big deal about this pylon?



JoJo-main: ,Let's crush it, Josuke!



Josu: Yeah. There shouldn't be an issue if I crush it and get out!



Kane: Watch it!



Kane: The hell? What's with their power?!



Oku: This thing's pretty sturdy.



JoJo-main: ,But if we keep attacking it, this pillar will snap in two.



Oku: And look. It looks like that guy's about to fall off.



Kane: Y-You idiots! How can you do something so terrifying?



Kane: Of course I thought about that possibility.



Kane: But haven't you noticed?



Kane: This pylon is draining your powers and



JoJo-main: ,distributing them throughout itself.



Oku: Huh? What is that idiot talking about?



Oku: Josuke, just a little more, and you'll be out of there!



JoJo-main: ,Here we go!



Josu: Hold up, Okuyasu. Listen.



Josu: Something's not right. What's that weird sound?



Kane: It's the sound of all the power you guys threw



JoJo-main: ,into the pylon, moving throughout it.



Josu: What?



Kane: And think about this carefully.



Kae: You know that whole "law of conservation of energy"?



Kane: Energy that's running around has to be able to escape from somewhere.



Kane: So where's all that energy's gonna go?



Josu: It can't be...



Josu: Okuyasu, duck!



Josu: What?!



Kane: You can attack it all you want,



JoJo-main: ,but all the attacks on the pylon are just gonna come right back to you.



Kane: If you hit it, it'll hit back. If you cut it, it'll cut back.



Kane: Just think about it.



JoJo-main: ,No matter who comes around with whatever kind of ability,



Kane: no one can destroy this pylon!



Josu: Okuyasu!



Oku: Th-This isn't good, Josuke...



Oku: I couldn't dodge it completely.



Oku: It ripped a hole in my side.



Kane: I guess I should've warned you about that.



Kane: And next, you're probably going to think



JoJo-main: ,that if you defeat me, the user,  you'll be able to get out.



Kane: But that's futile, too.



JoJo-main: ,This pylon is an independent Stand.



Kane: Even if I were to die,



JoJo-main: ,this pylon would probably continue to trap people inside for eternity.



Kane: That's what Superfly is.



Oku: Josuke...



Josu: For eternity?



Kane: But don't get too depressed about that.



JoJo-main: ,You just have to lure someone else in, Josuke Higashikata.



Kane: If one comes in, one can get out.



Kane: Just have some sucker take your place and get out.



Kane: It's sort of like playing Old Maid.



Kane: It's like human society.



JoJo-main: ,You just need to pass off the old maid to someone else.



Kane: Am I wrong?



Miki: Indeed, if someone else is pulled in, Josuke will be saved.



Kane: Huh?



Oku: What?



Miki: You should be the one to return, then. Into the pylon...



Miki: you go.



Oku: You...



Josu: Mikitaka! When did you...



Kane: Who are you?



JoJo-main: ,Why were you an electrical wire? When did you get there?



Kane: What is that ability?



Miki: Why, thank you for asking.



Miki: You see, I'm an alien.



Kane: What?



Oku: Y-You actually can be useful!



Miki: Now's your chance. Please step outside, Josuke-san.



Kane: Y-You!



Oku: You have my praise, Mikitaka!



Ku: Josuke, hurry up and get out.



JoJo-main: ,Get out of the pylon!



Josu: R-Right...



Josu: I did it!



Kane: You! What?!



Kane: The guy in the photograph didn't tell me



JoJo-main: ,that Josuke had a friend like you!



Miki: I'm an alien, so I'm unaware of this game called "Old Maid,"



Miki: but to suddenly trick Josuke and tell him that he cannot leave...



Miki: It's like an adult beating a child at a game



JoJo-main: ,on New Year's by tricking them.



Miki: This is why you should be the one to remain in the pylon.



Miki: You will remain here.



Kane: After all the time I spent living here, I ended up



JoJo-main: ,with these thick calluses on my hands.



Kane: There's a lot of stuff in here.



Kane: Take this!



Miki: It seems you're under the impression that that's a part of me,



Miki: but that is incorrect.



Miki: That is not me,



JoJo-main: ,but the pylon's wire that you were hanging off of earlier.



Oku: Yeah!



Josu: All right! Now, go to the top and come back out, Mikitaka!



kane: You're the one who finally stepped into this pylon.



JoJo-main: ,Do you really think I'd let you escape?



kane: I'm a man who has thought of nothing but getting out of here every single day!



Kane: Did you forget?



JoJo-main: ,This pylon will return whatever you do to it.



Kane: That wire's also a part of this pylon!



Kane: The angle at which the wire was cut was made so it would return to you.



Miki: H-Have I been defeated?



Josu: M-Mikitaka! Hurry up and get out of there!



Josu: I can fix a wound like that!



Kane: Nope, he's not getting out.



JoJo-main: ,I'm the one who's going to leave!



Kane: The direction and angle are perfect.



Kane: If you strike it, it'll strike back.



Oku: Mikitaka!



Josu: Y-You!



Kane: I went through some trouble getting out because of you,



Kane: but now I can get out easily.



Kane: I'm sure that's gonna hurt when you try and pry those out,



Kane: but you'll have plenty of time to treat it later.



Kane: There are some medicinal plants down there, too.



Josu: You! Do you think you can escape just because you're out of there?



Josu: I'll chase you to the ends of the Earth, !



Kane: Of course I can escape, and rather easily.



Kane: You guys haven't even been able to find Yoshikage Kira, have you?



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Roha: Who is that? I've never seen him before.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : AM



Haya: I'll find him out... no matter what.