Josu: There's nothing in there. Both pockets are empty.



Josu: Other than this piece of paper...



Yuya: The scent is no longer in the pocket...



Yuya: Could it be...



Josu: It's just a plain, white piece of paper.



Josu: What?!



Sfx: Blam



Yuya: J-Josuke!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Sfx: S{\c&HCF&}w{\c&HDD&}i{\c&HB&}p



Roha: Now you've done it!



JoJo-main: ,You should really be more careful.



Roha: I told you that the floor up here was burnt, too, didn't I?



Roha: I don't see anything out of the ordinary.



JoJo-main: ,It's a perfectly fine back...



Masa: I-It's over... I'm finished...



Masa: I don't know why,



JoJo-main: ,but I have this fear that if someone sees it, it's all over!



Roha: H-Hey...



Masa: I'm already finished!



Roha: C-Calm down.



Roha: I'm sorry.



Roha: I just couldn't hold back my curiosity...



Roha: What?!



Roha: That's a Stand attack!



JoJo-main: ,There's a Stand on his back?!



Roha: If there is, then even if I read him with Heaven's Door...



Roha: I see. No wonder there was nothing written.



Roha: This architect had already been attacked before he came here.



Roha: This architect was a victim



Roha: of the enemy Stand that's going to attack me.



Trap: Carry me on your back.



Roha: It's here! The enemy Stand is here!



Trap: Carry me on your back. Okay?



Trap: Carry me on your back.



Trap: On your back... Carry me on your back, okay?



Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Guy: These are all the people missing from Morioh, including runaways.



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 



Guy: These are all from after Kira disappeared, so there aren't that many.



Jose: So there's a possibility that Kira's victims might be among them.



Jojo: I'm not sure about that, but the possibility exists.



Jojo: What's important is to not miss any of his movements.



Jojo: If a guy holding his breath makes even the slightest movement,



JoJo-main: ,there will be some kind of change.



Sign: <M Prefecture S City, Missing Persons List>



Sign: *Address, contact informationavailable on a separate sheet.



Sign: Sex: FemaleAge: S City M Community College First-year.Family includes father, mother,younger sister, and younger brother.Ran away from home after an argumentwith her father in July, and moved inwith her boyfriend, Satoru Nakae.A missing persons report was filedthe th of the same month.She keeps in contact with her mother.Dating Minako Okura.A third-year at T University. years old.



Jojo: No matter what.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Trap: Carry me on your back, okay?



JoJo-main: ,Carry me on your back.



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Trap: Carry me on your back, okay?



JoJo-main: ,Carry me on your back.



Roha: What?! I-It can't be...



Roha: Has it possessed my back?



Roha: Did it transfer to me because I saw the architect's back?



Roha: !



Trap: Burn the pictures...



Trap: Hey, burn the pictures.



Roha: Pictures?



Trap: Burn them, okay? Burn away those pictures...



Roha: What are you talking about?



Roha: The pictures I took...



Roha: Could it be there's one among them



JoJo-main: ,that might get us closer to Yoshikage Kira,



Roha: and you're here to get rid of it?



Trap: Just burn all of them, okay? Burn them away, okay?



Roha: Shut up!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: Let's see...



JoJo-main: ,If I read about who you are and write in some orders...



Roha: Ow!



Roha: What?!



Trap: I'm a Stand that was born when



JoJo-main: ,Masazo Kinoto's back was pierced with an arrow...



JoJo-main: ,Cheap Trap.



Trap: But my user now is you, Rohan Kishibe.



Trap: You're my user now.



Roha: Wha?!



Trap: Do you get it?



JoJo-main: ,It basically means that you're using a Stand to attack yourself.



Trap: You get that? Okay?



Trap: I'm a Stand with a will of my own.



Trap: Even though Masazo Kinoto created me,



JoJo-main: ,he couldn't become a Stand user that could actually control me.



Trap: He could only hear my whispers,



JoJo-main: ,and had only the fear that he mustn't let anyone see his back, okay?



Trap: Do you get it? Okay? Do you get it?



Trap: Do you get it? Okay?



Trap: My ability is to just whisper to people.



Trap: Okay? If you get it, burn the pictures.



Roha: You... Get away from me!



Roha: ! Why, you...



JoJo-main: ,How do I get you off of me?!



Trap: That's easy. You just have to show someone else.



Trap: If you show someone your back...



Trap: Okay? I'll go away and transfer over there.



Trap: You just have to show someone.



Guy: Hello, Rohan-sensei!



Guy: I always read your manga.



JoJo-main: ,Next time, could you draw a nude?



Guy: A nude girl!



Guy: Bye!



Trap: Burn the pictures, okay?



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Yuya: Josuke!



Yuya: H-He wasn't shot.



Josu: Y-You as*h*le!



Teru: Shining Diamond, eh?



Teru: Well, looks like it's just as I heard,



JoJo-main: ,and a b*llet from a g*n won't do much...



Teru: That was scary, right? Bite it, Josuke Higashikata.



Teru: Bite your lower lip.



Teru: Are you gonna bite it?!



Teru: Bite it! Come on, just bite itand show me your sign!



Josu: So this is his Stand?



JoJo-main: ,Pretty crappy-looking Stand, just like the old man in the picture!



Teru: Not going to bite it yet, I see...



Teru: Looks like he's covering up his fear with anger.



Teru: I guess I have no choice. I'll have to show myself.



Josu: You've got some nerve, you as*h*le!



Yuya: This is it... This creepiness.



Yuya: He's been hiding all this time, so why is he coming out now?



Yuya: He showed up on purpose.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He showed up on purpose so you would attack him!



Yuya: He's dangerous... He's too dangerous, Josuke!



Teru: True... My Stand's ability might be a crappy one.



Teru: But if I were to explain my ability to you...



Teru: I can make various things



Teru: into paper and file them away, and it's extremely useful.



Tteru: And this paper is Koichi Hirose.



Josu: You... So that's where you were hiding Koichi!



Yuyua: That's Koichi's scent.



Yuya: He didn't have something of Koichi's... He had Koichi himself!



Teru: He's alive, of course, because my Stand ability is a crappy one.



Teru: I don't have the power or ability to k*ll someone.



Teru: Though that's not the case if someone rips it up, like I did just now.



Josu: I'll let you off the hook with just an a*s-kicking



Josu: if you bring Koichi back here right now.



Teru: Just try and get him...



Teru: If you can.



Sign: Koichi Hirose



Josu: Koichi!



Teru: Because my Stand ability is a crappy one.



Teru: I don't have the power or ability to k*ll someone.



Teru: Though that's not the case if someone rips it up.



Yuya: That's the trap!



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,If it were me, I wouldn't go after that paper.



Yuya: Josuke, ignore it.



Enig: You bit it! You finally bit it!



Enig: Misterioso was waiting for this moment, Josuke Higashikata!



Mist: It was waiting for the moment you bit your lip!



Josu: You...



Teru: You showed your sign of fear!



Teru: No matter how you resist, once you've shown your fear,



Teru: you're powerless before Misterioso.



Sfx: Thud



Yuya: I feel bad for Josuke, but I'm glad I didn't help him.



Yuya: If I had helped him, that guy would have probably



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,gotten rid of me first, since I can find scents.



Teru: Do you understand now that there's no power



JoJo-main: ,in the world that can stop Misterioso?



Teru: Wh-What?



Yuya: That metal rod is fixed...



JoJo-main: ,He's trying to use that power to get out.



Josu: That paper there



JoJo-main: ,is probably not the paper that Koichi's trapped in.



Josu: I knew it was just bait with the name"Koichi Hirose" written on it.



Josu: That's because the only reason you were confident enough to show yourself



Josu: was because you were holding Koichi as a hostage,



Josu: and it's because he's alive that you can threaten me.



Josu: I knew that piece of paper was a trap...



Josu: It was, wasn't it?



Josu: But the reason I still tried to save that piece of paper



Josu: was because there was still a possibility that it was Koichi.



Josu: If there's even a % chance that it's Koichi,



Josu: then my only choice is to try to save him!



Josu: Misterioso, you win.



JoJo-main: ,Looks like this is as far as Shining Diamond's powers go.



Josu: However, let me just warn you of one thing...



Josu: If you turn me into paper,



JoJo-main: ,you should immediately rip me up and get rid of me.



Josu: If I'm able to come back from this, I will k*ll you!



Teru: L-Look at you, talking big...



Teru: You weren't a big deal at all.



Sign: Koichi Hirose



Teru: Yuya Fungami, huh?



Teru: Not helping out Josuke was a very smart thing to do.



Teru: I could have gotten rid of you easily.



Teru: Your sign of fear is to poke atyour chin with your fingers.



Teru: But the old man in the picture didn't tell me to get rid of you,



Teru: so I guess you get to stay alive.



Teru: That's the smart thing to do.



Teru: Want to hear something interesting about this paper?



Teru: Anyone can take out what'sinside if they open it.



Teru: It's a very simple thing to do, but it's quite hard for someone who's in fear.



Teru: To Morioh Grand Hotel.



Dad: All right! We got rid of Koichi Hirose and Josuke Higashikata!



Dad: Right about now, Rohan Kishibe should also be...



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Roha: Which is it?



Roha: Which picture has something to do with Yoshikage Kira?



Roha: Which picture is the old man inthe photo trying to get rid of?



Trap: Burn them, okay? Burn them.



Roha: It's no use...



JoJo-main: ,Right now, there aren't enough clues.



Trap: So let's burn the pictures, okay?



Roha: Shut up! You're annoying!



Roha: ! I have to let them know...



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I have to let someone know about this thing.



Signtop: Mis



Signtop: Miste



Signtop: Misterio



Signtop: Misterioso



Signbot: Teru



Signbot: Terunosu



Signbot: Terunosuke



Signbot: Terunosuke Miya



Signbot: Terunosuke Miyamoto



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Guy: Er, that was Morioh Grand Hotel, right?



Teru: Yeah, that's right.



Guy: Are you spending the night?



Teru: No, there's a lot there, so...



Teru: A lot there, indeed...



Hs: No...



Hs: You won't be going to Morioh Grand Hotel.



Yuya: Josuke, ! Trying to play it cool...



Yuya: If, just if, as stupid as this is, if the one turned into paper



JoJo-main: ,was one of my girls who makes me smile every day...



Yuya: If it was any one of my girls,



JoJo-main: ,I would have done the same thing!



Hs: Letting you or Yoshikage Kira live in this town would be totally uncool.



Hs: Hand over Koichi!



Teru: What you're doing right now isn't the smart thing to do.



Teru: So you're saying that you want to fight me?



Teru: You're saying that you're going to make Kira's dad your enemy?



Teru: Very well!



Yuya: , ,  kilometers...



Yuya: Though it lacks power, my Highway Go Go will never stop its pursuit.



Yuya: The taxi stopped...



Yuya: Even though it's not at the hotel yet.



Yuya: No one's gotten out of the taxi yet.



Yuya: His scent is emanating strongly from the car...



Yuya: But where is he? Where is he hiding?



Hs: The scent of this paper...



Hs: There's no doubt about it!



Hs: This paper smells like Koichi and Josuke!



Yuya: Wait, Highway Go Go! Don't open the door just yet.



Yuya: That one is underestimating me.



JoJo-main: ,This must be another trap.



Yuya: So he's trying to lure me in, huh?



Yuya: Very well, I accept!



Yuya: I said I would do it!



Yuya: He's after my fear.



Yuya: How is he going to try to scare me?



Yuya: I need to find that out.



Yuya: What? What is this piece of paper stuck in the door?



Yuya: Underestimating me again. This scent...



Yuya: This piece of paper is the trap.



JoJo-main: ,I figured out what kind of trap it is.



Yuya: Open the door, Highway Go Go.



Sfx: Foom



Yuya: To think he can turn flames into paper, too...



Yuya: But I saw through the trap!



JoJo-main: ,Josuke, Koichi, I'll save the two of you!



Yuya: But I smell something other than Josuke and Koichi...



Yuya: This looks dangerous to just go ahead and open.



Yuya: What is this?



Yuya: A scent I've never smelled before is moving around.



Yuya: It's faint, but it's moving inside the paper...



Yuya: What?!



Yuya: Crap! Highway Go Go!



Yuya: Wh-What is this liquid?



Yuya: I-Is it some kind of chemical?



JoJo-main: , it, it's one thing after another...



Yuya: W-Wait...



JoJo-main: ,I smell iron from inside there.



Yuya: C-Calm down. What he's after is my fear.



Yuya: If he manages to scare me, he wins.



Yuya: Iron...



JoJo-main: ,What is it? A machine?



Yuya: !



Yuya: I have no choice but to open it!



Yuya: Josuke! Koichi!



Sign: Koichi Hirose



Sign: Josuke Higashikata



Yuya: Th-That's an electrical current.



JoJo-main: ,He's even got electricity inside the paper!



Yuya: The smell of machinery that I couldsmell from this paper was...



Yuya: A...



JoJo-main: ,A shredder!



Yuya: It won't turn off!



Yya: Josuke and Koichi are getting sucked in!



Yuya: ! Highway Go Go!



Yuya: I-It's no use.



JoJo-main: ,Highway Go Go's powers can't destroy this thing to stop it!



Yuya: Josuke! Koichi!



Teru: You finally touched it, Yuya Fungami.



Teru: You finally got scared and touched your chin...



JoJo-main: ,You look pathetic.



Teru: It was so easy to scare you, Yuya Fungami!



Teru: There's no one that Misterioso can't turn into paper!



Teru: No matter who it is, it can do it easily!



Yuya: Easy? That's why it's so great!



Yuya: It turns anyone into paper instantly...



Yuya: That's why it's great!



Yuya: I lost. You really freaked me out.



Yuya: But I'll gladly declare my defeat.



Yuya: Because, now that I'm athin piece of paper,



JoJo-main: ,I can stick my hand inside the shredder!



Teru: What did you just pull out?!



Teru: Don't you dare open up that piece of paper!



Yuya: I'll gladly turn into a piece of paper.



Sign: Josuke Higashikata



Sign: Koichi Hirose



Josu: Yuya Fungami... You're...



Josu: actually sorta cool, after all.



Teru: Josuke Higashikata... Koichi Hirose...



Teru: S-Stay back, Josuke! Look at this paper!



Teru: I-I'll rip it!



JoJo-main: ,Yuya Fungami is in this piece of paper!



Act: Act !  Freeze!



Teru: S-So heavy...



Josu: Let's see, what was it?



JoJo-main: ,There was something that I was supposed to remember about you...



Josu: Oh, that's right. I remember.



JoJo-main: ,I said that I would k*ll you.



Josu: That's right... I definitely said that.



Josu: I said I would never forgive guys like you, right?



Josu: Guys like you



JoJo-main: ,who take hostages and try to threaten people emotionally...



Teru: W-Wait a minute!



Teru: I just liked observing other people getting scared!



Teru: I just recently got this Stand, so I got c*ck.



Teru: I-I apologize. I feel really bad.



Josu: There's something I realized after watching you...



Teru: Huh?



Josu: You have a habit of closing one eye when you get scared, don't you?



Josu: That's a habit, right?



Josu: But...



Josu: When you're even more scared, you close both.



Josu: You like observing? Then keep doing it.



Josu: Quietly and calmly keep observing.



Teru: I-I'm a book...



Nar: The Misterioso boy, Terunosuke Miyamoto,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,became a book and is thus unable to fight.



Nar: Josuke didn't read the contents of the book,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but the book is at Morioh Library.



Nr: If you give the staff the title "Misterioso,"



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they'll bring it for you, though you can't take it home.



Nar: When reading this book, you sometimes feel like you can hear a voice.



Josu: Well, that's that.



Sign: MoriohLibrary



Josu: Or probably not at all.



Koi: Maybe this means that we're getting closer to Yoshikage Kira.



Josu: Though we don't know anything.



Yosh: Curses... Those resilient!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Trap: It's no use calling for help.



Trap: Hurry up and burn the pictures, okay?



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Jojo: All right, I'm heading out for a bit.



Jose: Where are you going?



Jojo: To find out what he's going to do even quicker,



Jojo: I'll check out the surroundings of the missing people listed here.



Jojo: People cannot escape the fate into which they were born.



Jojo: He'll definitely make his move.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Haya: I'm going to film it...



Haya: I'll film the proof that Dad isn't Dad.



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,No matter what.