Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Roha: It's open. Come in.



Koi: Rohan-sensei?



Koi: Where...



Roha: Over here, Koichi.



Koi: Rohan-sensei!



Koi: What's wrong? You wouldn't explain anything over the phone...



Roha: I'd like you to help me.



Roha: I'm being attacked by an enemy Stand.



Koi: What?!



Koi: A S-Stand? Where is it? Where?!



Roha: It's on my back. It's possessed my back.



Koi: Your back?



Koi: Um... Your back is being attacked?



Roha: Yes. It's a very dangerous Stand. I'm not sure what I should do.



Koi: Could you show it to me?



Roh: I cannot.



Koi: But if you don't show it to me...



Roha: If I show it to you, it'll k*ll me and transfer over to you!



Thing: Hurry up and burn them, okay?



Roha: See? It's talking! It's this thing, Koichi!



Koi: Huh?



Koi: Why are you hiding it?!



Koi: Did you call me over here just to mess with me?



Roha: What are you talking about?!



Roha: I already told you. If I show you my back, I'll die!



Koi: But you're always messing with me, Sensei.



Koi: So that is what's going on.



Roha: No! I'm being serious right now!



Roha: There's a corpse upstairs!



Koi: Huh? A c-corpse?!



Koi: Um... What are you doing, Sensei?



Roha: Climb over me, and go ahead.



Roha: Please, please, go ahead. Please!



Koi: Seriously, what's with you?



Roha: Well? Do you believe me now?



Roha: It's gone!



Roha: That's impossible...



Roha: Right here, Koichi!



Roha: Look, Koichi! This is Masazo Kinoto!



Roha: He had the life sucked out of him, and he dried up!



Koi: Wow, that's amazing. You did a great job making that.



Koi: But this is no time to be joking around, Sensei!



Koi: The Stand users made by the old man in the picture are really after us.



Koi: So I rushed over here, thinking that something might've happened to you, too!



Roha: What?



Roha: Then this thing...



Koi: Anyway, just be careful.



Koi: Bye.



Roha: W-Wait, Koichi!



Roha: I asked you to come becauseI knew them



Roha: Josuke and Okuyasu wouldn't believe me!



Roha: You have to believe me! We're friends, aren't we?!



Roha: Koichi!



Trap: Don't be down, okay? Even though this has gotta hurt...



Roha: I, Rohan Kishibe, have never faced such humiliation...



Roha: You. You'll regret this...



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



JoJo-MainTitle,Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Kira: Lately, my nails are growing fast again.



JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episode     July th (Thurs), Part 



Kira: Too fast.



Kira: That woman running her fingers throughher prized, well-cared-for hair...



Kira: Congratulations. You get to live longer. I'll hold off on picking you right now.



Kira: Until I can completely blend into Kosaku Kawajiri's lifestyle.



Girl: So, every time I leave,



Girl: my dad, like, totally follows me in secret, or comes snooping around.



Guy: You're going out at night too much.



Girl: And whose fault is that?



Girl: I got super annoyed, so I totally stole something in front of him on purpose.



Gil: And then I went straight to your place.



Guy: Seriously? They've probably got the cops looking for you now.



Girl: Hey... What are you touching my bag for?



Guy: What's wrong?



Girl: Don't worry about it. It's nothing.



Guy: What are you, a pickpocket? A groper? What a joke.



Ann: Morioh. Morioh.



Guy: Oh, crap! This is Morioh.



Guy: Come on, we're getting off.



Guy: Ow...



Guy: What?



Guy: Watch where you're going when you get off the train!



Girl: Hey, did you see that? He had a bowling pin nail clipper.



Girl: A bowling pin nail clipper, in this day and age... What a geek.



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Trap: Do you have the pictures?



Trap: Hey, where are you going with the pictures?



Roha: Morioh Grand Hotel. That's the only place I can go now.



Trap: To where Jotaro is? It doesn't matter where you go, okay?



Trap: Just give up and burn the pictures.



Trap: Well done...



Trap: Even though you don't know who could be watching from which window.



Trap: This is dangerous.



Trap: There, you see? Every street has an intersection.



Trap: See? There's no way you can cross.



Trap: Someone will see your back for sure.



Trap: The road's just going to get wider, and there will be even more people.



Trap: So let's just not go! Okay?



Trap: There's no way you can cross.



Roha: You think so?



Roha: Masazo Kinoto came all the way to my house.



Roha: He must have crossed an intersection, as well.



Roha: I just have to figure out how he crossed it.



Roha: And he did it... like this!



Roha: This is ridiculously embarrassing, but I can make it to the station this way.



Trap: Yeah, not bad, Rohan Kishibe.



Trap: But you've forgotten something.



Trap: When Masazo Kinoto was crossing, I didn't interfere with him!



Trap: Hey, jackass! Why are you walking so slow?



Guy: The hell did you say?!



Trap: See?



Trap: Er, hey! Turn around!



Guy: What?!



Roha: You're the one forgetting something, Cheap Trap.



Roha: Masazo Kinoto didn't have this...



Roha: He didn't have Heaven's Door!



Sign: Cannot turn around for one minute.



Trap: What?!



Roha: All right. Now I should have no problem walking so that no one sees my back.



Trap: You'd better be prepared, .



Guy: Wh-What?



Trap: There's no way you're going to make it.



Trap: You're the one who's going to die with your d*ck all shriveled up.



Roha: Just keep running your mouth.



Roha: Your only ability is to talk. And that's been sealed.



Guy: Wh-Wh-Who do you think you're talking to?!



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Roha: Looks like there aren't any big intersections for a while.



Trap: Hey, can you use your Heaven's Door ability on animals, too?



Roha: Yeah, if the animal has any intelligence.



Trap: So that means if an animal sees your back, I can transfer over to them, too!



Trap: Even easier than humans, huh?



Roha: True. I have to be careful of these guys, too.



Roha: I hate cats.



Roha: They glare at you.



Roha: Hey, move!



Oha: What?! It can't be...



Trap: So one of these guys just has to glance at your back, right?



Trap: My ability is only to speak.



Trap: But, you see, humans aren't the only ones that I can talk to.



Trap: I'm the one who called them here.



Trap: They hate you.



Trap: I just told them that you love k*lling cats and dogs!



Trap: Get him!



Roha: Heaven's Door!



Roha: I-It's no use! There are too many!



Trap: I won!



Reverb:  Freeze!



Rever: These animals didn't do anything wrong.



Rever: So scram, all of you. Shoo.



Roha: Th-That Stand is...



Roha: Koichi!



Trap: What?!



Koi: I thought that you might just be messing with me,



Koi: but I was still a bit worried, so I went back,



Koi: and you were still acting weird, Rohan-sensei.



Koi: Even outside your house, you were walking with your back to walls,



Koi: and crossing the street with your back to someone else's, all by yourself.



Koi: So you really do have an enemy Stand on your back.



Roha: That's exactly what I admire so much about you...



Roha: You truly are my friend.



Koi: It's on your back, right?



Koi: I just have to remove the enemy from your back, right?



Rev: Reverb,  Freeze!



Trap: Heavy...



Roha: Y-You did it!



Trap: Aren't you a bit naïve?



Trap: I'm not sticking to your back with strength, but with my ability.



Trap: Trying to forcibly remove me from your back



Trap: means that you'll destroy your back.



Sfx: Thud



Koi: Huh?!



Trap: Go ahead and tell Koichi, okay? Hurry up and tell him!



Koi: R-Rohan-sensei?!



Roha: K-Koichi...



Roha: I'm very moved that you came here, and very grateful...



Roha: But I'd appreciate it if you'd withdraw Act .



Roha: You can't see it, but my back is starting to rip ever so slightly...



Koi: Act ! Undo the  Freeze!



Rev: S-h-i-t. Understood.



Koi: R-Rohan-sensei! A-Are...



Trap: Of course I'm not okay, Koichi Hirose!



Trap: This damage is your fault, isn't it?



Trap: Do you get it now? There's no way to get rid of me.



Trap: Peeling me off your back, Rohan,



Trap: means that you'll be peeling away your own back!



Trap: Hey...



Trap: You're just going to wear yourself out.



Trap: Either you'll pass out from exhaustion and damage first,



Trap: or you'll go crazy and k*ll yourself...



Trap: No matter how great the Stand,



Trap: they can't defeat me if my only ability is to talk!



Trap: Okay?



Koi: The Stand on your back... Just what kind of...



Sign: Large VehiclesCannot PassThrough



Roha: What kind? Do you want to see?



Roha: You want to see what kind of Stand it is?



Roha: Fine...



Roha: I'll show it to you.



Koi: R-Rohan-sensei...



Trap: Looks like you've finally lost it!



Trap: I guess you finally realized it's no use going to Jotaro, either!



Roha: Jotaro?



Roha: I wasn't heading there in the first place.



Roha: I was heading here.



Roha: I was so happy to finally make it here



Roha: that I couldn't help but laugh.



Trap: What are you yammering about?



Trap: You finally showed your back to someone!



Trap: I'm now going to possess Koichi Hirose!



Koi: Th-This place... That post box...



Roha: Cheap Trap, you turned around here.



Roha: Even if you didn't turn around because you knew what this place was,



Roha: because of your ability, you had no choice but to look Koichi's way.



Trap: Wh-What?!



Koi: The alley where Reimi is, where you can't turn around, no matter what!



Rha: It's true that if any Stand tried to getrid of you, no matter what it was,



Roha: you'd return the damage to me.



Roha: But there was something that could grasp only you...



Roha: Something that'll only take those who look back.



Roha: Something that'll only take your soul!



Trap: Let go! Okay? Let go!



Trap: Where do you think you're taking me?! Hey!



Roha: The afterlife.



Roha: I don't know if Heaven or Hell actually exist,



Roha: but just in case, I'll write it in for you.



Sign: Going to Hell



Roha: It wouldn't do anything except talk, but that was one intense Stand.



Roha: Koichi, if you hadn't come,



Roha: I wouldn't have made it here,and it would have k*lled me.



Koi: But since I was so focused on that thing,



Koi: I had no idea we'd end up here.



Koi: Reimi!



Rei: Did you take these pictures, Rohan?



Roha: I did.



Rei: Something bothers me about them...



Sign: Hayato Kawajiri



Sign: Kosaku KawajiriFamily of 



Sign: C



Sign: Ch



Sign: Che



Sign: Chea



Sign: Cheap



Sign: Cheap T



Sign: Cheap Tr



Sign: Cheap Tra



Sign: Cheap Trap



Sign: Masa



Sign: Masazo



Sign: Masazo Kinoto



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Girl: So, like, Mika



Girl: got her boyfriend to buy her some expensive brand earrings.



Girl: Buy some for me, too!



Guy: Next time.



Guy: What do you think you're doing in my apartment?!



Guy: Hey, get out!



Kosa: Hm... A one-room apartment...



Kosa: I am Yoshikage Kira. Would you be kind enough to tell me your name?



Kosa: My nails are quite long, aren't they?



Kosa: Look how long they are.



Kosa: Is there anyone who can actually stop their nails from growing?



Osa: There isn't.



Kosa: Just as no one can stop their nails from growing,



Kosa: you cannot stop the destiny you were born with.



Kosa: I believe I asked for your name...



Girl: M-My boyfriend... What did you do to my—



Kosa: Don't answer a question with a question!



Kosa: Didn't they teach you in school not to answer a question with a question?!



Kosa: I'm asking you what your name is!



Girl: M-Minako! M-M-Minako!



Kosa: Minako...



Kosa: Your parents gave you a beautiful name.



Kosa: I like it.



Kosa: Minako, I have a request.



Kosa: It would make me happy if you would hold these.



Kosa: I want you to cut my nails with these geeky nail clippers.



Kosa: You've never cut someone else's nails?



Kosa: There's a first time for everything.



Kosa: Be careful not to cut them too short.



Girl: Help... Please...



Girl: Help... Forgive me...



Kosa: Forgive you?



Kosa: Now, wait a minute.



Kosa: I'm not angry or anything.



Kosa: This is something I enjoy.



Kosa: I chose you because you suited my taste, as well.



Kosa: I was born with these tastes, so I'm just trying to act positively about it.



Kosa: Positively...



Kosa: It sounded like you were asking your boyfriend for some earrings.



Kosa: Here, he left these for you.



Kosa: It's a present.



Kosa: You're very good at cutting nails. I like that about you, too.



Kosa: And you are truly adorable when you don't talk.



Kosas: What to do, Minako...



Koa: I want to take you home with me,



Kosa: but bringing you into the Kawajiri home would be risky.



Kosa: Still, this is refreshing... This is truly refreshing!



Haya: Th-The man and woman he followed from the station...



Haya: He k*lled them and made them disappear!



Kou: That's... Hayato.



Kou: What is he doing in a place like this?



Kou: This is the opposite direction from the house and his school...



Kou: What's that?



Kou: I didn't lock the door...



Kou: Hayato... He...



Kou: It couldn't be.



Haya: He's not human... What is that thing that's disguised as my dad?



Jjo: There's evidence that they've been back here.



Jojo: And there are blood stains on the floor.



Jojo: Did he finally make his move?



Sign: July th (Thurs)  : PM



Kou: The thing in Hayato's hand was definitely a handy cam.



Kou: It doesn't seem to be in this room right now...



Kou: Hayato...



Kou: He's been acting weird ever since the other day.



Kou: I have to find out what Hayato was doing.



Kou: I have to find out for sure.



Haya: C-Calm down...



Haya: I have to calm down and gather my thoughts.



Haya: First, this videotape...



Haya: Should I show it to someone?



Haya: I can't show it to Mom!



Haya: Mom totally trusts him.



Haya: Should I show it to the police?



Haya: Would they believe that a person got blown up and then disappeared?



Haya: More importantly, he's not human...



Haya: Could the police even catch someone like him?



Haya: No... Does anyone even exist in this world who could catch him?



Haya: What should I do?



Haya: Mom and I are going to be k*lled eventually.



Haya: What am I supposed to do?!



Kou: Do you mind if I join you...



Kou: in the bath, Hayato?



Kou: It's been a while.



Haya: I-I'm gonna head out now.



Kou: Oh, come on.



Kou: We're family, after all...



Haya: Wh-What does he want?



Haya: I'll be in trouble if he finds this tape.



Kou: I'm sorry, Hayato, but could you let go of the bucket?



Kou: I want to draw some water and wash my body.



Haya: I-I'll wash your back for you, Dad!



Kou: That's a great idea.



Kou: But I'll wash your back first.



Kou: You're the one who got in first. I'll wash yours first, then we can switch.



Kou: Now, sit down.



Ku: What's the matter? You seem to be sweating quite a bit.



Kosa: Did you get get too hot?



Haya: Y-Yeah...



Kou: Then why are you shivering?



Kou: Isn't it strange to shiver if you're overheated?



Haya: You're tickling me, Dad!



Haya: You should know that I've always been ticklish!



Kou: You're... right.



Kou: You've always been ticklish, Hayato.



Haya: I-I'll wash my front...



Kou: I see. So you'll do it yourself.



Kou: By the way, I just remembered...



Kou: This evening,



Kou: I was around the Jozenji area that's in the opposite direction from home,



Kosa: and I saw you.



Haya: Huh?!



Kou: With a video camera!



Kou: What were you doing?



Kou: Now I know for sure!



Kou: This little brat was watching!



Kou: This is awful... I thought I'd peacefully fit into this household...



Kou: I've had nothing but misfortune this year.



Kou: What an awful year.



Kou: k*lling this brat will draw attention to myself, and that would be very bad.



Kou: But since he saw that, I have no choice!



Kou: I just turned one of the strands of this brat's hair into a b*mb.



Kou: If I just cause a slight expl*si*n on his head,



Kou: it'll just look like he slipped and hit his head on the bath.



Kou: That's a common accident in our society.



Kou: You're going to die.



Kou: Die, brat!



Haya: Are you going to k*ll me, too?



Haya: Even though I've got video of you...



Haya: I'm even videotaping you right now!



Kou: What?



Haya: I've been suspicious of you this whole time.



Haya: Your different shoe size



Haya: and the fact that you were practicing your signature are all on tape!



Haya: I've got other tapes, too!



Haya: I even took a video of the cat-like plant you've got in the attic!



Haya: I'm the only one who knows where the tapes are!



Haya: But if something were to happen to me, I'm sure someone would find that place.



Kou: What?



Haya: Don't you dare lay a finger on me! Got it?



Kou: You little ! You dare threaten me?



Haya: I won't let you touch my mom, either!