Haya: ...is nothing compared to the heart of justice that's here right now!



Haya: It's definitely here! It's right here for sure!



Haya: Compared to that heart, you're nothing!



Sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure



Sign: Diamond is Unbreakable



Kira: Th-This is a dream...



Kira: This... is a dream.



Kira: The idea that I'm being cornered like this...



JoJo-main: ,This has to be a dream.



Oku: You don't have...



Josu: ...anywhere left to run.



Haya: You're finished.



Koi: J-Josuke's badly hurt...



Roha: The battle had already begun while we were waiting.



Roha: Which means...



Jojo: That's Yoshikage Kira.



Girl: Someone's hurt over there!



Guy: Get back! There's a chance of an expl*si*n from a gas leak!



Girl: Bring the ambulance over here!



Girl: Bring the stretcher!



Guy: It's dangerous, so please get back!



Girl: Are you all right?



Guy: Just get back!



Girl: Can you hear me?An ambulance is on its way.



Girl: You're going to be all right.



Haya: Don't let that lady near Kira!



Girl: We'll get you treated at the hospital right away.



Girl: Please, hang in there.



Girl: It'll be okay. Hang in there.



Haya: O-Oh, no!



Haya: That lady's been turned into a b*mb!



Girl: Can you see how many fingers I'm holding up?



Roha: Jotaro, we need your Star Platinum.



Jojo: I know.



Jojo: But it's no use unless I can get closer.



Jojo: Even if I stop time, we're too far away,



JoJo-main: ,and I can't do anything to him.



Jojo: I have to get at least five meters closer.



Josu: You turned someone into a b*mb and took them hostage?



Josu: Just try it! I'll fix her right up in a heartbeat!



Haya: No! It's not as simple as taking a hostage!



Haya: He's got a hidden ability!



Haya: It's an ability called Bites the Dust,and it can blow away time!



Sign: Episode     Goodbye, Morioh – The Heart of Gold



Haya: It must only work on people who aren't Stand users, like me or that lady,



Haya: and occurs coincidentally whenever Kira is in trouble.



Haya: Which means, when he's in despair like this, this ability activates



JoJo-main: ,and becomes a b*mb that can turn back time one hour!



Josu: What?



Kira: The knuckles and skin on your hand are so soft...



Kira: You have such cute, white fingers...



Kira: Will you rub my cheek?



Lady: Huh?



Kira: Rubbing my cheek calms me down so much...



Kira: When I was a child...



Kira: You've heard of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, right?



Kira: When I saw that painting in an art book...



Kira: When I first saw that,



Kira: I don't know how to put it...



Kira: Um, this is a bit dirty, but...



Sign: Everything AboutLeonardo da Vinci'sWorld



Kira: I got an erection.



Kira: I just cut out the part with her hands



JoJo-main: ,and hung it in my room for a while.



Kira: I want to cut off yours, too.



Lady: What are you doing?!



Kira: My name is Yoshikage Kira!



Kira: I've k*lled  women with beautiful hands up to now.



Kira: You're the only one!



JoJo-main: ,You're the only one who will know my identity!



Haya: O-Oh, no! Bites the Dust is about to start!



Haya: If we don't defeat him now,



JoJo-main: ,everyone here but that lady will be blown away!



Koi: Jotaro!



Kira: Are you coming for me, Jotaro?



Kira: Bites the Dust was created because I didn't want to run into you!



Kira: Come closer! Just try and stop time!



Kira: How long will you be able to stop it?



JoJo-main: ,Just try to corner me more!



Kira: Pushing me to the limit again will make Bites the Dust appear!



Josu: Jotaro, stop time!



Josu: Don't let him push k*ller Queen's switch!



Lady: Wh-What?



Kira: No, this is the limit! I'm pushing it...



Kira: Now!



Kira: I-I did it! It activated!



Kira: I was able to return!



JoJo-main: ,It went into effect.



Kira: I was able to have Bites the Dust take effect again!



Kira: I beat them!



Kiar: Now I can be free!



Kira: What was that just now?



Kira: The birds came from behind me and...



JoJo-main: ,What just happened?



Ira: Come to think of it, this isn't the way I usually take to work...



Kira: But if Bites the Dust did turn back time one hour,



JoJo-main: ,I should be on my way to work now...



Kira: What time is it right now?



Kira: That's right. I had put my watch in my chest pocket.



Kira: This is...



Kira: Why is it broken?!



JoJo-main: ,It's :! Bites the Dust did go into effect again!



Kira: The watch that Hayato broke with Stray Cat should have returned to normal, too!



Rei: Haven't you realized it?



Rei: So the Kosaku Kawajiri that Rohan took a picture of was Yoshikage Kira...



Ei: And it's finally over, isn't it?



Rei: They finally cornered you, Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: Who are you?



Rei: You don't remember me?



Rei: Well, I guess that's no surprise.



JoJo-main: ,It happened fifteen years ago.



Rei: Something very traumatic must have happened.



Rei: Something so traumatic that you don't even realize what happened to you.



Kira: Are you a new Stand user?!



Rei: I'll make you realize that you're already dead!



Kira: What?



Rei: This isn't any Stand ability!



Rei: This is proof that all that's here is the completely black soul of a dead k*ller!



Ei: Well? Do you remember how you died now?



Jojo: Even if I stop time right now, I'm too far away from him.



Josu: Don't let him push the switch!



Kira: No, this is the limit! I'm pushing it...



Kira: Now!



Act: Act Three!  Freeze! He's now within five meters!



Act: S-h-i-t!



Kia: You rotten pieces of !



Jojo: Star Platinum! The World!



Jojo: Koichi, you truly are a reliable guy.



Jojo: I'm truly thankful that I came to this town and met you.



Jjo: And...



Jojo: Good grief.



JoJo-main: ,I made it in time.



Jjo: Time has begun to move again.



Sfx: Crush



Josu: H-He did it!



Haya: He made it in time!



Kira: I'll push it... I'm gonna push it...



Kira: Bites the Dust will go into effect again...



Lady: H-How? He just suddenly went flying back!



Kira: I'm gonna push it... I-I'm gonna push it...



Kira: I'm gonna push the switch right now...



Roha: I know he's our enemy, but he really is something.



Guy: Hey, stop!



Guy: Stop!



Sign: Morioh Fire Department



Guy: Someone's on the ground back here!



Josu: What?!



Guy: O-Oh, no! A guy's been run over by an ambulance!



Guy: I didn't realize he was there!



Guy: Drive back forward! Forward!



Guy: You there! Get outside of the tape!



Guy: Get back! Please hurry and get back!



Guy: Are you one of the injured, too?



Guy: It's no use. He's dead. He died instantly.



Oku: He's dead?



Guy: It was like he dove under there himself.



Girl: This is my responsibility.



Girl: I'm not trying to make excuses, but I didn't have a chance to restrain him.



Jojo: This is unbelievable.



Guy: His head was caught between the tire and the road...



Guy: The skin on his face has been ripped off.



Guy: Pardon me.



Guy: Do you happen to know the identity of the deceased?



Lady: He said that his name was Yoshikage Kira.



Guy: Kira...



Guy: There's a family by the name of Kira in Kotodai that goes back generations.



Guy: I heard its only current member lives alone, so he might not have any family...



Koi: An accident... His demise was due to an accidental death.



Roh: But this is how it should be.



Roha: There would be no way to punish him in court.



Roha: This was the best outcome.



Haya: I... didn't actually get along with my dad that well...



Haya: But my dad was m*rder*d by him.



Haya: I wanted him punished.



Haya: I wanted someone to punish him.



Rei: It looks like you remember, Yoshikage Kira...



Rei: The exact way you died.



Rei: It looks like you remember now!



Kira: Just what are you?! Who are you?!



Rei: Fifteen years ago, you didn't have a Stand ability,



JoJo-main: ,so you couldn't make corpses disappear.



Rei: That's why, when I died, it was in all the papers.



Rei: Do you remember this wound on my back?



Rei: Or, since it was your first m*rder, you forgot to take my hand,



Rei: so perhaps I wasn't as memorable?!



Kira: It's you...



Kira: I believe your name was Reimi Sugimoto...



Kira: What have you been doing here for fifteen years?!



Kira: Wait...



Kira: Why would you go to the trouble of showing me



JoJo-main: ,the wound on your back and telling me who you are?



Kira: This wouldn't be the place where you're not supposed to turn around, is it?



Kira: My father told me that there was a road in this town where spirits of the dead walk,



Kira: and if you were to find yourself there, you must not turn around.



Kira: If you were to turn around, an uncontrollable power



JoJo-main: ,would drag you off somewhere.



Kira: You weren't showing me



JoJo-main: ,the wound on your back so I'd end up in front of you,



JoJo-main: ,forcing me to turn around, were you?



Kira: You weren't trying to trick me, were you?



Rei: Let's have you turn around.



JoJo-main: ,I'd like to see what would happen.



Kira: Come on! Turn around!



JoJo-main: ,You will turn around!



Rei: Did you really think



Rei: that I didn't expect you to try to do this to me?



Ei: We've been waiting fifteen years for you to come here...



Kira: "We"?



Rei: Arnold!



Kira: What?!



Rei: Now, let's have you punished, Yoshikage Kira.



Kira: What? What are these things?!



Kira: Deadly Queen!



Kira: Make these things explode!



Kira: I-I...



Kira: Wh-Where are they going to take me?



Ei: Who knows?



Rei: But...



Rei: I'm sure it's somewhere you won't be able to rest in peace.



Rei: Now,



JoJo-main: ,we can finally...



Rei: We can finally go...



Sign: Help Wanted



Koi: Reimi! Are you really leaving?



Koi: It wouldn't hurt if you stayed a little longer, would it?



Koi: It feels like this town's losing its guardian angel...



Koi: It makes me uneasy, knowing that you're leaving.



Rei: Thanks... But there's nothing left for us to do in this town.



Rei: The time has come for us to leave this town.



JoJo-main: ,We have to go.



Rei: Or what? Are you going to cry when I leave



JoJo-main: ,because you'll miss me, Rohan?



Roha: Don't be stupid.



Sign: KisaraDrugs



Roha: Why would I miss you?



JoJo-main: ,You already died fifteen years ago.



Roha: I said this before, but I still believe that ghosts should give up



JoJo-main: ,whatever attachments they have left here, and just hurry up and pass on.



Roha: Oh, fine! Since this is the last time, I'll be honest!



Roha: I will miss you!



Roha: Of course I don't want you to go!



Josu: Hey.



Koi: Josuke! Everyone!



Cray: So it's finally over, Reimi.



Koi: Yukako! Hazamada, and everyone else!



Mich: We came to see you off.



Rei: Everyone...



Josu: I know it's strange to say this to a dead person, but take care.



Oku: I'm going to miss you, too.



Jose: You're a wonderful young lady.



Koi: Reimi! Thank you for everything!



Koi: Because of you, this town was saved!



Rei: Thanks, Koichi.



JoJo-main: ,But I believe we all saved Morioh together.



Jose: I'm sure that no one here will ever forget you.



Rei: Thank you, everyone.



Rei: Goodbye, everyone.



Koi: Goodbye, Reimi.



Kkoi: Goodbye...



Mom: He's awfully late tonight...



Mom: I wonder if he had to work overtime.



Mom: He could call, at least...



Mom: Oh, Hayato.



JoJo-main: ,You go on and eat before it gets cold.



Mom: I'll eat when your father gets home.



Mom: Hayato?



Haya: I'll wait, too...



Haya: I'll eat with you



Haya: when Dad gets home, too...



Mom: You sure?



Mom: By the way, have you gotten a little taller lately?



Koi: Our town, Morioh, was deeply hurt.



Koi: The town was hurt by the monster named Yoshikage Kira



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,that this town itself had created.



Koi: I'm sure that Hayato's mom



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will forever be waiting for her husband to return.



Koi: Shigechi's parents will forever be waiting for him to return.



Koi: The families of the daughters and sisters k*lled by Yoshikage Kira



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,will forever be waiting for their return.



Koi: The pain of their wounds will now only get deeper.



Koi: How can we try to ease this pain?



Koi: Will it be life-threatening for this town's future, or will it eventually disappear?



Koi: I have no idea.



Jose: Are you worried, Jotaro?



Jose: About leaving this town?



Jojo: Yeah, a little.



Jose: After watching Josuke and the others get involved in this incident in Morioh,



Jose: there's one thing that I can say...



Jose: That the young people in this town have hearts of gold.



Jose: The same hearts of gold shining with justice



JoJo-main: ,that we saw when we headed to Egypt.



Jose: I saw that within Josuke and the others...



Jose: As long as they have that, they'll be fine.



Jose: We won't have to worry about this town any longer.



Josu: Hey, Old Man!



Josu: Can't you hear me, Old Man?



Jose: Now, then... I guess I should say goodbye to the son I'm so proud of.



Josu: The picture of my mom that I just gave you...



JoJo-main: ,You still got it?



Jose: Yes. I put it in my wallet, just as you asked.



Jose: I'm leaving without seeing your mother, but I wish her nothing but happiness.



Josu: Ah... So you put it in your wallet...



Josu: This is the edge of that picture.



Josu: Shining Diamond!



Josu: I'll be taking this!



Josu: A dad should give his son an allowance, right?



Josu: Not to mention, if you take that picture back home,



JoJo-main: ,your old lady's gonna get mad at you again!



Jose: Y-You little brat...



Jojo: You gonna take back what you said about him having a heart of gold, old man?



Josu: Take care!



Koi: The invisible baby's mother was never found,



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and the baby ended up being adopted by Joseph Joestar.



Koi: Jotaro Kujo got his doctorate from a thesis he wrote



JoJo-internal/narrator: ,while he was here about a starfish he saw on the beach.



Mom: Josuke, that jerk!



Mom: He ate the snack I was saving for myself again!



Mom: Ugh!



Mom: I'm gonna drink his juice.



Yuka: Koichi!



Yuka: Sorry!



JoJo-main: ,I was late because I was making us lunch.



Koi: Huh? You made us lunch? Thanks!



Koi: I can't wait to eat it.



Oku: So good!



Sfx: Whew



Oku: Oh, here it comes! Yeah! That intensity!



Oku: You might be able to turn back to normal, Dad!



Oku: Well, whatever.



Girl: My skin is so soft!



Girl: My eyes feel so refreshed!



Girl: The food here was amazing!



Yuu: Right? Even I look so much more beautiful that I don't know what



JoJo-main: ,I'm going to do with myself.



Rei: You're shining, Yu.



JoJo-overlap,Ake: So shiny!



Yuu: You think so?



Yuu: I'm shiny, eh?



Toni: Grazie!



Toni: I look forward to your next visit.



Sis: I just saw Ko holding hands with a really pretty girl!



Mom: Huh? What does that mean? He hasn't told me anything!



Girl: Did you hear about Mr. Kira who went missing?



girl: I did! You mean how he turned up as a faceless corpse, right?



Girl: That's so scary...



Haza: What are you gonna do about it?



Masa: Wha?



Haza: I'm telling you that juice sprayed out from the can



JoJo-main: ,you kicked and got all over my manga!



Masa: That's not my problem!



Roha: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.



Roha: All right. Warm-up exercises done.



Sign: Shonen Jump



Sign: Thanks for waiting!Serialization Returns!



Guy: Is it really so interesting to look at the town all the time?



Guy: Nothing ever changes.



Miki: It is.



JoJo-main: ,This town is very interesting.



Koi: And so, for most people, the summer of  passed like any other summer.



Oku: Hey, did you hear?



Oku: Apparently, Rohan was caught shoplifting at Kame Yu.



Koi: What?!



Josu: That's insane if it's true.



Oku: Yeah, but I'm not really sure.



Koi: You aren't even sure?



Josu: Ah... Well, let's go.